The Project Gutenberg EBook of Apocolocyntosis, by Lucius Seneca

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Apocolocyntosis

Author: Lucius Seneca

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10001]
[Date last updated: April 9, 2005]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK APOCOLOCYNTOSIS ***




Produced by Ted Garvin, Ben Courtney and PG Distributed Proofreaders




                       SENECA

                  APOCOLOCYNTOSIS

          WITH AN ENGLISH TRANSLATION BY

            W.H.D. ROUSE, M.A. LITT. D.

                       MCMXX





INTRODUCTION

This piece is ascribed to Seneca by ancient tradition; it is impossible
to prove that it is his, and impossible to prove that it is not. The
matter will probably continue to be decided by every one according to his
view of Seneca's character and abilities: in the matters of style and of
sentiment much may be said on both sides. Dion Cassius (lx, 35) says that
Seneca composed an [Greek: apokolokuntosis] or Pumpkinification of
Claudius after his death, the title being a parody of the usual
[Greek: apotheosis]; but this title is not given in the MSS. of the Ludus
de Morte Claudii, nor is there anything in the piece which suits the title
very well.

As a literary form, the piece belongs to the class called
_Satura Menippea_, a satiric medley in prose and verse.

This text is that of Buecheler, with a few trifling changes, which are
indicated in the notes. We have been courteously allowed by Messrs
Weidmann to use this text. I have to acknowledge the help of Mr Ball's
notes, from which I have taken a few references; but my translation was
made many years ago.

W.H.D. ROUSE.





BIBLIOGRAPHY

_Editio Princeps:_ Lucii Annaei Senecae in morte
  Claudii Caesaris Ludus nuper repertus: Rome,
  1513.

_Latest critical text:_ Franz Buecheler, Weidmann, 1904
  (a reprint with a few changes of the text from
  a larger work, Divi Claudii [Greek: Apokolokuntosis] in
  the Symbola Philologorum Bonnensium, fasc. i,
  1864).

_Translations and helps:_ The Satire of Seneca on the
  Apotheosis of Claudius, by A.P. Ball (with introduction,
  notes, and translations): New York:
  Columbia University Press; London, Macmillan,
  1902.




SENECA

APOCOLOCYNTOSIS, OR LUDUS DE MORTE CLAUDII: THE PUMPKINIFICATION OF
CLAUDIUS.

I wish to place on record the proceedings in heaven                       1
October 13 last, of the new year which begins this auspicious age. It
shall be done without malice or favour. This is the truth. Ask if you like
how I know it? To begin with, I am not bound to please you with my answer.
Who will compel me? I know the same day made me free, which was the last
day for him who made the proverb true--One must be born either a Pharaoh
or a fool. If I choose to answer, I will say whatever trips off my tongue.
Who has ever made the historian produce witness to swear for him? But if
an authority must be produced, ask of the man who saw Drusilla translated
to heaven: the same man will aver he saw Claudius on the road, dot and
carry one. [Sidenote: Virg. Aen. ii, 724] Will he nill he, all that happens
in heaven he needs must see. He is the custodian of the Appian Way; by that
route, you know, both Tiberius and Augustus went up to the gods. Question
him, he will tell you the tale when you are alone; before company he is
dumb. You see he swore in the Senate that he beheld Drusilla mounting
heavenwards, and all he got for his good news was that everybody gave him
the lie: since when he solemnly swears he will never bear witness again to
what he has seen, not even if he had seen a man murdered in open market.
What he told me I report plain and clear, as I hope for his health and
happiness.

  Now had the sun with shorter course drawn in his risen light,           2
  And by equivalent degrees grew the dark hours of night:
  Victorious Cynthia now held sway over a wider space,
  Grim winter drove rich autumn out, and now usurped his place;
  And now the fiat had gone forth that Bacchus must grow old,
  The few last clusters of the vine were gathered ere the cold:

I shall make myself better understood, if I say the month was October, the
day was the thirteenth. What hour it was I cannot certainly tell;
philosophers will agree more often than clocks; but it was between midday
and one after noon. "Clumsy creature!" you say. "The poets are not content
to describe sunrise and sunset, and now they even disturb the midday
siesta. Will you thus neglect so good an hour?"

  Now the sun's chariot had gone by the middle of his way;
  Half wearily he shook the reins, nearer to night than day,
  And led the light along the slope that down before him lay.

Claudius began to breathe his last, and could not                         3
make an end of the matter. Then Mercury, who had always been much pleased
with his wit, drew aside one of the three Fates, and said: "Cruel beldame,
why do you let the poor wretch be tormented? After all this torture cannot
he have a rest? Four and sixty years it is now since he began to pant for
breath. What grudge is this you bear against him and the whole empire? Do
let the astrologers tell the truth for once; since he became emperor, they
have never let a year pass, never a month, without laying him out for his
burial. Yet it is no wonder if they are wrong, and no one knows his hour.
Nobody ever believed he was really quite born. [Footnote: A proverb for a
nobody, as Petron, 58 _qui te natum non putat._] Do what has to be done:
Kill him, and let a better man rule in empty court."
[Sidenote: Virg. Georg iv. 90]

Clotho replied: "Upon my word, I did wish to give him another hour or two,
until he should make Roman citizens of the half dozen who are still
outsiders. (He made up his mind, you know, to see the whole world in the
toga, Greeks, Gauls, Spaniards, Britons, and all.) But since it is your
pleasure to leave a few foreigners for seed, and since you command me, so
be it." She opened her box and out came three spindles. One was for
Augurinus, one for Baba, one for Claudius. [Footnote: "Augurinus" unknown.
Baba: see Sep. Ep. 159, a fool.] "These three," she says, "I will cause to
die within one year and at no great distance apart, and I will not dismiss
him unattended. Think of all the thousands of men he was wont to see
following after him, thousands going before, thousands all crowding about
him, and it would never do to leave him alone on a sudden. These boon
companions will satisfy him for the nonce."

  This said, she twists the thread around his ugly spindle once,          4
  Snaps off the last bit of the life of that Imperial dunce.
  But Lachesis, her hair adorned, her tresses neatly bound,
  Pierian laurel on her locks, her brows with garlands crowned,
  Plucks me from out the snowy wool new threads as white as snow,
  Which handled with a happy touch change colour as they go,
  Not common wool, but golden wire; the Sisters wondering gaze,
  As age by age the pretty thread runs down the golden days.
  World without end they spin away, the happy fleeces pull;
  What joy they take to fill their hands with that delightful wool!
  Indeed, the task performs itself: no toil the spinners know:
  Down drops the soft and silken thread as round the spindles go;
  Fewer than these are Tithon's years, not Nestor's life so long.
  Phoebus is present: glad he is to sing a merry song;
  Now helps the work, now full of hope upon the harp doth play;
  The Sisters listen to the song that charms their toil away.
  They praise their brother's melodies, and still the spindles run,
  Till more than man's allotted span the busy hands have spun.
  Then Phoebus says, "O sister Fates! I pray take none away,
  But suffer this one life to be longer than mortal day.
  Like me in face and lovely grace, like me in voice and song,
  He'll bid the laws at length speak out that have been dumb so long,
  Will give unto the weary world years prosperous and bright.
  Like as the daystar from on high scatters the stars of night,
  As, when the stars return again, clear Hesper brings his light,
  Or as the ruddy dawn drives out the dark, and brings the day,
  As the bright sun looks on the world, and speeds along its way
  His rising car from morning's gates: so Caesar doth arise,
  So Nero shows his face to Rome before the people's eyes,
  His bright and shining countenance illumines all the air,
  While down upon his graceful neck fall rippling waves of hair."
  Thus Apollo. But Lachesis, quite as ready to cast a
  favourable eye on a handsome man, spins away by the
  handful, and bestows years and years upon Nero out
  of her own pocket. As for Claudius, they tell everybody
                     to speed him on his way
         With cries of joy and solemn litany.

At once he bubbled up the ghost, and there was an end to that shadow of a
life. He was listening to a troupe of comedians when he died, so you see I
have reason to fear those gentry. The last words he was heard to speak in
this world were these. When he had made a great noise with that end of him
which talked easiest, he cried out, "Oh dear, oh dear! I think I have made
a mess of myself." Whether he did or no, I cannot say, but certain it is
he always did make a mess of everything.

What happened next on earth it is mere waste of                           5
time to tell, for you know it all well enough, and there is no fear of your
ever forgetting the impression which that public rejoicing made on your
memory. No one forgets his own happiness. What happened in heaven you shall
hear: for proof please apply to my informant. Word comes to Jupiter that a
stranger had arrived, a man well set up, pretty grey; he seemed to be
threatening something, for he wagged his head ceaselessly; he dragged the
right foot. They asked him what nation he was of; he answered something in
a confused mumbling voice: his language they did not understand. He was no
Greek and no Roman, nor of any known race. On this Jupiter bids Hercules go
and find out what country he comes from; you see Hercules had travelled
over the whole world, and might be expected to know all the nations in it.
But Hercules, the first glimpse he got, was really much taken aback,
although not all the monsters in the world could frighten him; when he saw
this new kind of object, with its extraordinary gait, and the voice of no
terrestrial beast, but such as you might hear in the leviathans of the
deep, hoarse and inarticulate, he thought his thirteenth labour had come
upon him. When he looked closer, the thing seemed to be a kind of man.
Up he goes, then, and says what your Greek finds readiest to his tongue:

  "Who art thou, and what thy people? Who thy
  parents, where thy home?"
  [Sidenote: Od. i, 17]

Claudius was delighted to find literary men up there, and began to hope
there might be some corner for his own historical works. So he caps him
with another Homeric verse, explaining that he was Caesar:

  "Breezes wafted me from Ilion unto the Ciconian land."
  [Sidenote: Od. ix, 39]

But the next verse was more true, and no less Homeric:

  "Thither come, I sacked a city, slew the people every one."

He would have taken in poor simple Hercules, but                          6
that Our Lady of Malaria was there, who left her temple and came alone with
him: all the other gods he had left at Rome. Quoth she, "The fellow's tale
is nothing but lies. I have lived with him all these years, and I tell you,
he was born at Lyons. You behold a fellow-burgess of Marcus. [Footnote:
Reference unknown.] As I say, he was born at the sixteenth milestone from
Vienne, a native Gaul. So of course he took Rome, as a good Gaul ought to
do. I pledge you my word that in Lyons he was born, where Licinus
[Footnote: A Gallic slave, appointed by Augustus Procurator of Gallia
Lugudunensis, when he made himself notorious by his extortions. See Dion
Cass. liv, 21.] was king so many years. But you that have trudged over more
roads than any muleteer that plies for hire, you must have come across the
people of Lyons, and you must know that it is a far cry from Xanthus to the
Rhone." At this point Claudius flared up, and expressed his wrath with as
big a growl as he could manage. What he said nobody understood; as a matter
of fact, he was ordering my lady of Fever to be taken away, and making that
sign with his trembling hand (which was always steady enough for that, if
for nothing else) by which he used to decapitate men. He had ordered her
head to be chopped off. For all the notice the others took of him, they
might have been his own freedmen.

Then Hercules said, "You just listen to me, and                           7
stop playing the fool. You have come to the place where the mice nibble
iron. [Footnote: A proverb, found also in Herondas iii, 76: apparently
fairy-land, the land of Nowhere.] Out with the truth, and look sharp, or
I'll knock your quips and quiddities out of you." Then to make himself all
the more awful, he strikes an attitude and proceeds in his most tragic
vein:

  "Declare with speed what spot you claim by birth.
  Or with this club fall stricken to the earth!
  This club hath ofttimes slaughtered haughty kings!
  Why mumble unintelligible things?
  What land, what tribe produced that shaking head?
  Declare it! On my journey when I sped
  Far to the Kingdom of the triple King,
  And from the Main Hesperian did bring
  The goodly cattle to the Argive town,
  There I beheld a mountain looking down
  Upon two rivers: this the Sun espies
  Right opposite each day he doth arise.
  Hence, mighty Rhone, thy rapid torrents flow,
  And Arar, much in doubt which way to go,
  Ripples along the banks with shallow roll.
  Say, is this land the nurse that bred thy soul?"

These lines he delivered with much spirit and a bold front. All the same,
he was not quite master of his wits, and had some fear of a blow from
the fool. Claudius, seeing a mighty man before him, saw things looked
serious and understood that here he had not quite the same pre-eminence
as at Rome, where no one was his equal: the Gallic cock was worth most on
his own dunghill. So this is what he was thought to say, as far as could
be made out: "I did hope, Hercules, bravest of all the gods, that you
would take my part with the rest, and if I should need a voucher, I meant
to name you who know me so well. Do but call it to mind, how it was I used
to sit in judgment before your temple whole days together during July and
August. You know what miseries I endured there, in hearing the lawyers
plead day and night. If you had fallen amongst these, you may think
yourself very strong, but you would have found it worse than the sewers of
Augeas: I drained out more filth than you did. But since I want..."

(Some pages have fallen out, in which Hercules must have been persuaded.
The gods are now discussing what Hercules tells them).

"No wonder you have forced your way into the                              8
Senate House: no bars or bolts can hold against you. Only do say what
species of god you want the fellow to be made. An Epicurean god he cannot
be: for they have no troubles and cause none. A Stoic, then? How can he be
globular, as Varro says, without a head or any other projection? There is
in him something of the Stoic god, as I can see now: he has neither heart
nor head. Upon my word, if he had asked this boon from Saturn, he would not
have got it, though he kept up Saturn's feast all the year round, a truly
Saturnalian prince. A likely thing he will get it from Jove, whom he
condemned for incest as far as in him lay: for he killed his son-in-law
Silanus, because Silanus had a sister, a most charming girl, called Venus
by all the world, and he preferred to call her Juno. Why, says he, I want
to know why, his own sister? Read your books, stupid: you may go half-way
at Athens, the whole way at Alexandria. Because the mice lick meal at Rome,
you say. Is this creature to mend our crooked ways? What goes on in his own
closet he knows not;[Footnote: Perhaps alluding to a mock marriage of
Silius and Messalina.] and now he searches the regions of the sky, wants to
be a god. Is it not enough that he has a temple in Britain, that savages
worship him and pray to him as a god, so that they may find a fool
[Footnote: Again [GREEK: morou] for [GREEK: theou] as in ch. 6.] to have
mercy upon them?"

At last it came into Jove's head, that while strangers                    9
were in the House it was not lawful to speak or debate. "My lords and
gentlemen," said he, "I gave you leave to ask questions, and you have made
a regular farmyard [Footnote: Proverb: meaning unknown.] of the place. Be
so good as to keep the rules of the House. What will this person think of
us, whoever he is?" So Claudius was led out, and the first to be asked his
opinion was Father Janus: he had been made consul elect for the afternoon
of the next first of July,[Footnote: Perhaps an allusion to the shortening
of the consul's term, which was done to give more candidates a chance of
the honour.] being as shrewd a man as you could find on a summer's day: for
he could see, as they say, before and behind. [Footnote 8: II, iii, 109;
alluding here to Janus's double face.] He made an eloquent harangue,
because his life was passed in the forum, but too fast for the notary to
take down. That is why I give no full report of it, for I don't want to
change the words he used. He said a great deal of the majesty of the gods,
and how the honour ought not to be given away to every Tom, Dick, or Harry.
"Once," said he, "it was a great thing to become a god; now you have made
it a farce. Therefore, that you may not think I am speaking against one
person instead of the general custom, I propose that from this day forward
the godhead be given to none of those who eat the fruits of the earth, or
whom mother earth doth nourish. After this bill has been read a third time,
whosoever is made, said, or portrayed to be god, I vote he be delivered
over to the bogies, and at the next public show be flogged with a birch
amongst the new gladiators." The next to be asked was Diespiter, son of
Vica Pota, he also being consul elect, and a moneylender; by this trade he
made a living, used to sell rights of citizenship in a small way. Hercules
trips me up to him daintily, and tweaks him by the ear. So he uttered his
opinion in these words: "Inasmuch as the blessed Claudius is akin to the
blessed Augustus, and also to the blessed Augusta, his grandmother, whom he
ordered to be made a goddess, and whereas he far surpasses all mortal men
in wisdom, and seeing that it is for the public good that there be some one
able to join Romulus in devouring boiled turnips, I propose that from this
day forth blessed Claudius be a god, to enjoy that honour with all its
appurtenances in as full a degree as any other before him, and that a note
to that effect be added to Ovid's Metamorphoses." The meeting was divided,
and it looked as though Claudius was to win the day. For Hercules saw his
iron was in the fire, trotted here and trotted there, saying, "Don't deny
me; I make a point of the matter. I'll do as much for you again, when you
like; you roll my log, and I'll roll yours: one hand washes another."

Then arose the blessed Augustus, when his turn                           10
came, and spoke with much eloquence. [Footnote: The speech seems to contain
a parody of Augustus's style and sayings.] "I call you to witness, my lords
and gentlemen," said he, "that since the day I was made a god I have never
uttered one word. I always mind my own business. But now I can keep on the
mask no longer, nor conceal the sorrow which shame makes all the greater.
Is it for this I have made peace by land and sea? For this have I calmed
intestine wars? For this, laid a firm foundation of law for Rome, adorned
it with buildings, and all that--my lords, words fail me; there are none
can rise to the height of my indignation. I must borrow that saying of the
eloquent Messala Corvinus, I am ashamed of my authority. [Footnote: M.
Valerius Messala Corvinus, appointed praefectus urbi, resigned within a
week.] This man, my lords, who looks as though he could not hurt a fly,
used to chop off heads as easily as a dog sits down. But why should I speak
of all those men, and such men? There is no time to lament for public
disasters, when one has so many private sorrows to think of. I leave that,
therefore, and say only this; for even if my sister knows no Greek, I do:
The knee is nearer than the shin. [Footnote: A proverb, like "Charity
begins at home." The reading of the passage is uncertain; "sister" is only
a conjecture, and it is hard to see why his sister should be mentioned.]
This man you see, who for so many years has been masquerading under my
name, has done me the favour of murdering two Julias, great-granddaughters
of mine, one by cold steel and one by starvation; and one great grandson,
L. Silanus--see, Jupiter, whether he had a case against him (at least it is
your own if you will be fair.) Come tell me, blessed Claudius, why of all
those you killed, both men and women, without a hearing, why you did not
hear their side of the case first, before putting them to death? Where do
we find that custom? It is not done in heaven.
Look at Jupiter: all these years he has been                             11
king, and never did more than once to break Vulcan's leg,

  'Whom seizing by the foot he cast from the threshold of the sky,'
  [Sidenote: Illiad i, 591]

and once he fell in a rage with his wife and strung her up: did he do any
killing? You killed Messalina, whose great-uncle I was no less than yours.
'I don't know,' did you say? Curse you! that is just it: not to know was
worse than to kill. Caligula he went on persecuting even when he was dead.
Caligula murdered his father-in-law, Claudius his son-in-law to boot.
Caligula would not have Crassus' son called Great; Claudius gave him his
name back, and took away his head. In one family he destroyed Crassus,
Magnus, Scribonia, the Tristionias, Assario, noble though they were;
Crassus indeed such a fool that he might have been emperor. Is this he you
want now to make a god? Look at his body, born under the wrath of heaven!
In fine, let him say the three words [Footnote: Some formula such as _ais
esse meum_.] quickly, and he may have me for a slave. God! who will worship
this god, who will believe in him? While you make gods of such as he, no
one will believe you to be gods. To be brief, my lords: if I have lived
honourably among you, if I have never given plain speech to any, avenge my
wrongs. This is my motion": then he read out his amendment, which he had
committed to writing: "Inasmuch as the blessed Claudius murdered his
father-in-law Appius Silanus, his two sons-in-law, Pompeius Magnus and L.
Silanus, Crassus Frugi his daughter's father-in-law, as like him as two
eggs in a basket, Scribonia his daughter's mother-in-law, his wife
Messalina, and others too numerous to mention; I propose that strong
measures be taken against him, that he be allowed no delay of process, that
immediate sentence of banishment be passed on him, that he be deported from
heaven within thirty days, and from Olympus within thirty hours."

This motion was passed without further debate. Not a moment was lost:
Mercury screwed his neck and haled him to the lower regions, to that bourne
"from which they say no traveller returns." [Footnote: Catullus iii, 12.]
As they passed downwards along the Sacred Way, Mercury asked what was that
great concourse of men? could it be Claudius' funeral? It was certainly a
most gorgeous spectacle, got up regardless of expense, clear it was that a
god was being borne to the grave: tootling of flutes, roaring of horns, an
immense brass band of all sorts, such a din that even Claudius could hear
it. Joy and rejoicing on every side, the Roman people walking about like
free men. Agatho and a few pettifoggers were weeping for grief, and for
once in a way they meant it. The Barristers were crawling out of their
dark corners, pale and thin, with hardly a breath in their bodies, as
though just coming to life again. One of them when he saw the pettifoggers
putting their heads together, and lamenting their sad lot, up comes he and
says: "Did not I tell you the Saturnalia could not last for ever?"

When Claudius saw his own funeral train, he understood that he was dead.
For they were chanting his dirge in anapaests, with much mopping and
mouthing:

  "Pour forth your laments, your sorrow declare,
  Let the sounds of grief rise high in the air:
  For he that is dead had a wit most keen,
  Was bravest of all that on earth have been.
  Racehorses are nothing to his swift feet:
  Rebellious Parthians he did defeat;
  Swift after the Persians his light shafts go:
  For he well knew how to fit arrow to bow,
  Swiftly the striped barbarians fled:
  With one little wound he shot them dead.
  And the Britons beyond in their unknown seas,
  Blue-shielded Brigantians too, all these
  He chained by the neck as the Romans' slaves.
  He spake, and the Ocean with trembling waves
  Accepted the axe of the Roman law.
  O weep for the man! This world never saw
  One quicker a troublesome suit to decide,
  When only one part of the case had been tried,
  (He could do it indeed and not hear either side).
  Who'll now sit in judgment the whole year round?
  Now he that is judge of the shades underground
  Once ruler of fivescore cities in Crete,
  Must yield to his better and take a back seat.
  Mourn, mourn, pettifoggers, ye venal crew,
  And you, minor poets, woe, woe is to you!
  And you above all, who get rich quick
  By the rattle of dice and the three card trick."

Claudius was charmed to hear his own praises sung,                       13
and would have stayed longer to see the show. But the Talthybius
[Footnote: Talthybius was a herald, and _nuntius_ is obviously a gloss on
this. He means Mercury.] of the gods laid a hand on him, and led him across
the Campus Martius, first wrapping his head up close that no one might know
him, until betwixt Tiber and the Subway he went down to the lower regions.
[Footnote: By the Cloaca?] His freedman Narcissus had gone down before him
by a short cut, ready to welcome his master. Out he comes to meet him,
smooth and shining (he had just left the bath), and says he: "What make the
gods among mortals?" "Look alive," says Mercury, "go and tell them we are
coming." Away he flew, quicker than tongue can tell. It is easy going by
that road, all down hill. So although he had a touch of the gout, in a
trice they were come to Dis's door. There lay Cerberus, or, as Horace puts
it, the hundred-headed monster. [Sidenote: Odes ii, 13, 35] Claudius was a
trifle perturbed (it was a little white bitch he used to keep for a pet)
when he spied this black shag-haired hound, not at all the kind of thing
you could wish to meet in the dark.  In a loud voice he cried, "Claudius is
coming!" All marched before him singing, "The lost is found, O let us
rejoice together!" [Footnote: With a slight change, a cry used in the
worship of Osiris.] Here were found C. Silius consul elect, Juncus the
ex-praetor, Sextus Traulus, M. Helvius, Trogus, Cotta, Vettius Valens,
Fabius, Roman Knights whom Narcissus had ordered for execution. In the
midst of this chanting company was Mnester the mime, whom Claudius for
honour's sake had made shorter by a head. The news was soon blown about
that Claudius had come: to Messalina they throng: first his freedmen,
Polybius, Myron, Harpocras, Amphaeus, Pheronactus, all sent before him by
Claudius that he might not be unattended anywhere; next two prefects,
Justus Catonius and Rufrius Pollio; then his friends, Saturninus, Lusius
and Pedo Pompeius and Lupus and Celer Asinius, these of consular rank; last
came his brother's daughter, his sister's daughter, sons-in-law, fathers
and mothers-in-law, the whole family in fact. In a body they came to meet
Claudius; and when Claudius saw them, he exclaimed, "Friends everywhere, on
my word! How came you all here?" To this Pedo Pompeius answered, "What,
cruel man? How came we here? Who but you sent us, you, the murderer of all
the friends that ever you had? To court with you! I'll show you where their
lordships sit."

Pedo brings him before the judgement seat of                             14
Aeacus, who was holding court under the Lex Cornelia to try cases of murder
and assassination. Pedo requests the judge to take the prisoner's name, and
produces a summons with this charge: Senators killed, 35; Roman Knights,
221; others as the sands of the sea-shore for multitude. [Sidenote:  Il. ix,
385] Claudius finds no counsel. At length out steps P. Petronius, an old
chum of his, a finished scholar in the Claudian tongue and claims a remand.
Not granted. Pedo Pompeius prosecutes with loud outcry. The counsel for the
defence tries to reply; but Aeacus, who is the soul of justice, will not
have it. Aeacus hears the case against Claudius, refuses to hear the other
side and passes sentence against him, quoting the line:

  "As he did, so be he done by, this is justice undefiled."
  [Footnote: A proverbial line.]

A great silence fell. Not a soul but was stupefied at this new way of
managing matters; they had never known anything like it before. It was no
new thing to Claudius, yet he thought it unfair. There was a long
discussion as to the punishment he ought to endure. Some said that Sisyphus
had done his job of porterage long enough; Tantalus would be dying of
thirst, if he were not relieved; the drag must be put at last on wretched
Ixion's wheel. But it was determined not to let off any of the old stagers,
lest Claudius should dare to hope for any such relief. It was agreed that
some new punishment must be devised: they must devise some new task,
something senseless, to suggest some craving without result. Then Aeacus
decreed he should rattle dice for ever in a box with no bottom. At once the
poor wretch began his fruitless task of hunting for the dice, which for
ever slipped from his fingers.

  "For when he rattled with the box, and thought he now had got 'em.     15
  The little cubes would vanish thro' the perforated bottom.
  Then he would pick 'em up again, and once more set a-trying:
  The dice but served him the same trick: away they went a-flying.
  So still he tries, and still he fails; still searching long he lingers;
  And every time the tricksy things go slipping thro' his fingers.
  Just so when Sisyphus at last once gets there with his boulder,
  He finds the labour all in vain--it rolls down off his shoulder."

All on a sudden who should turn up but Caligula, and claims the man for a
slave: brings witnesses, who said they had seen him being flogged, caned,
fisticuffed by him. He is handed over to Caligula, and Caligula makes him
a present to Aeacus. Aeacus delivers him to his freedman Menander, to be
his law-clerk.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Apocolocyntosis, by Lucius Seneca

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK APOCOLOCYNTOSIS ***

***** This file should be named 10001.txt or 10001.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/0/10001/

Produced by Ted Garvin, Ben Courtney and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of La Fiammetta, by Giovanni Boccaccio

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: La Fiammetta

Author: Giovanni Boccaccio

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10006]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LA FIAMMETTA ***




Produced by Ted Garvin, Dave Morgan and PG Distributed Proofreaders




LA FIAMMETTA

BY

GIOVANNI BOCCACCIO


TRANSLATED BY JAMES C. BROGAN

1907.




INTRODUCTION


Youth, beauty, and love, wit, gayety and laughter, are the component
parts of the delightful picture conjured up by the mere name of Giovanni
Boccaccio, the prince of story-tellers for all generations of men. This
creator of a real literary epoch was born in Paris, in 1313, (in the
eleventh year of Dante's exile), of an Italian father and a French-woman
of good family. His father was a merchant of Florence, whither he
returned with his son when the child was seven years old. The boy
received some education, but was placed in a counting-house when he was
only thirteen, and at seventeen he was sent by his father to Naples to
enter another commercial establishment. But he disliked commerce, and
finally persuaded his father to allow him to study law for two years at
the University of Naples, during which period the lively and attractive
youth made brisk use of his leisure time in that gay and romantic city,
where he made his way into the highest circles of society, and
unconsciously gleaned the material for the rich harvest of song and
story that came with his later years. At this time he was present at the
coronation of the poet Petrarch in the Capitol, and was fired with
admiration for the second greatest poet of that day. He chose Petrarch
for his model and guide, and in riper manhood became his most intimate
friend.

By the time he was twenty-five, Boccaccio had fallen in love with the
Lady Maria, a natural daughter of King Robert of Naples, who had caused
her to be adopted as a member of the family of the Count d'Aquino, and
to be married when very young to a Neapolitan nobleman. Boccaccio first
saw her in the Church of San Lorenzo on the morning of Easter eve, in
1338, and their ensuing friendship was no secret to their world. For the
entertainment of this youthful beauty he wrote his _Filicopo_, and the
fair Maria is undoubtedly the heroine of several of his stories and
poems. His father insisted upon his return to Florence in 1340, and
after he had settled in that city he occupied himself seriously with
literary work, producing, between the years 1343 and 1355, the _Teseide_
(familiar to English readers as "The Knight's Tale" in Chaucer,
modernized by Dryden as "Palamon and Arcite"), _Ameto, Amorosa Visione,
La Fiammetta, Ninfale Fiesolona_, and his most famous work, the
_Decameron_, a collection of stories written, it is said, to amuse Queen
Joanna of Naples and her court, during the period when one of the
world's greatest plagues swept over Europe in 1348. In these years he
rose from the vivid but confused and exaggerated manner of _Filocopo_ to
the perfection of polished literary style. The _Decameron_ fully
revealed his genius, his ability to weave the tales of all lands and all
ages into one harmonious whole; from the confused mass of legends of the
Middle Ages, he evolved a world of human interest and dazzling beauty,
fixed the kaleidoscopic picture of Italian society, and set it in the
richest frame of romance.

While he had the _Decameron_ still in hand, he paused in that great
work, with heart full of passionate longing for the lady of his love,
far away in Naples, to pour out his very soul in _La Fiammetta_, the
name by which he always called the Lady Maria. Of the real character of
this lady, so famous in literature, and her true relations with
Boccaccio, little that is certain is known. In several of his poems and
in the _Decameron_ he alludes to her as being cold as a marble statue,
which no fire can ever warm; and there is no proof, notwithstanding the
ardor of Fiammetta as portrayed by her lover--who no doubt wished her to
become the reality of his glowing picture--that he ever really received
from the charmer whose name was always on his lips anything more than
the friendship that was apparent to all the world. But she certainly
inspired him in the writing of his best works.

The best critics agree in pronouncing _La Fiammetta_ a marvelous
performance. John Addington Symonds says: "It is the first attempt in
any literature to portray subjective emotion exterior to the writer;
since the days of Virgil and Ovid, nothing had been essayed in this
region of mental analysis. The author of this extraordinary work proved
himself a profound anatomist of feeling by the subtlety with which he
dissected a woman's heart." The story is full of exquisite passages, and
it exercised a widespread and lasting influence over all the narrative
literature that followed it. It is so rich in material that it furnished
the motives of many tales, and the novelists of the sixteenth century
availed themselves freely of its suggestions.

After Boccaccio had taken up a permanent residence in Florence, he
showed a lively interest in her political affairs, and fulfilled all
the duties of a good citizen. In 1350 he was chosen to visit the lords
of various towns of Romagna, in order to engage their cooperation in a
league against the Visconti family, who, already lords of the great and
powerful city of Milan, desired to extend their domains beyond the
Apennines. In 1351 Boccaccio had the pleasure of bearing to the poet
Petrarch the news of the restoration of his rights of citizenship and of
his patrimony, both of which he had lost in the troubles of 1323, and
during this visit the two geniuses became friends for life. They delved
together into the literature of the ancients, and Boccaccio determined,
through the medium of translation, to make the work of the great Greek
writers a part of the liberal education of his countrymen. A knowledge
of Greek at that time was an exceedingly rare accomplishment, since the
serious study of living literatures was only just beginning, and the
Greek of Homer had been almost forgotten. Even Petrarch, whose erudition
was marvelous, could not read a copy of the _Iliad_ that he possessed.
Boccaccio asked permission of the Florentine Government to establish a
Greek professorship in the University of Florence, and persuaded a
learned Calabrian, Leonzio Pilato, who had a perfect knowledge of
ancient Greek, to leave Venice and accept the professorship at Florence,
and lodged him in his own house. Together the Calabrian and the author
of _La Fiammetta_ and the _Decameron_ made a Latin translation of the
_Iliad_, which Boccaccio transcribed with his own hand. But his literary
enthusiasm was not confined to his own work and that of the ancients.
His soul was filled with a generous ardor of admiration for Dante;
through his efforts the Florentines were awakened to a true sense of the
merits of the sublime poet, so long exiled from his native city, and the
younger genius succeeded in persuading them to establish a professorship
in the University for the sole study of the _Divine Comedy_, he himself
being the first to occupy the chair, and writing a _Life of Dante_,
besides commentaries on the _Comedy_ itself.

Mainly through his intimacy with the spiritual mind of Petrarch,
Boccaccio's moral character gradually underwent a change from the
reckless freedom and unbridled love of pleasure into which he had easily
fallen among his associates in the court life at Naples. He admired the
delicacy and high standard of honor of his friend, and became awakened
to a sense of man's duty to the world and to himself. During the decade
following the year 1365 he occupied himself at his home in Certaldo,
near Florence, with various literary labors, often entertaining there
the great men of the world.

Petrarch's death occurred in 1374, and Boccaccio survived him but one
year, dying on the twenty-first of December, 1375. He was buried in
Certaldo, in the Church of San Michele e Giacomo.

That one city should have produced three such men as the great
triumvirate of the fourteenth century--Dante, Petrarch, Boccaccio--and
that one half-century should have witnessed their successive triumphs,
is the greatest glory of Florence, and is one of the most notable facts
in the history of genius.

We quote once more from Symonds: "Dante brought the universe into his
_Divine Comedy_. 'But the soul of man, too, is a universe', and of this
inner microcosm Petrarch was the poet and genius. It remained for
Boccaccio to treat of daily life with an art as distinct and dazzling as
theirs. From Dante's Beatrice, through Petrarch's Laura, to Boccaccio's
La Fiammetta--from woman as an allegory of the noblest thoughts and
purest stirrings of the soul, through woman as the symbol of all beauty
worshiped at a distance, to woman as man's lover, kindling and
reciprocating the most ardent passion; from mystic, stately periods to
Protean prose; from verse built up into cathedral-like dignity, through
lyrics light as arabesques and pointed with the steely touch of polished
style, to that free form of speech which takes all moods and lends
itself alike to low or lofty things--such was the rapid movement of
Italian genius within the brief space of fifty years. So quickly did the
Renaissance emerge from the Middle Ages; and when the voices of that
august trio were silenced in the grave, their echoes ever widened and
grew louder through the spacious time to come."

No translation into English of _La Fiammetta_ has been made since
Shakespeare's time--when a small edition was published, which is now so
rare as to be practically unattainable--until the appearance of the
present Scholarly and poetic rendering, which places within the reach of
all one of the world's greatest masterpieces of literature.

D.K.R.




PROLOGUE


_Beginneth the Book called Elegy of Madonna Fiammetta, sent by her to
Ladies in Love._

When the wretched perceive or feel that their woes arouse compassion,
their longing to give vent to their anguish is thereby increased. And
so, since, from long usance, the cause of my anguish, instead of growing
less, has become greater, the wish has come to me, noble ladies--in
whose hearts, mayhap, abides a love more fortunate than mine--to win
your pity, if I may, by telling the tale of my sorrows. Nor is it at all
my intent that these my words should come to the ears of men. Nay,
rather would I, so far as lies in my power, withhold my complaints from
them; for, such bitterness has the discovery of the unkindness of one
man stirred in me, that, imagining all other men to be like him,
methinks I should be a witness of their mocking laughter rather than of
their pitying tears. You alone do I entreat to peruse my story, knowing
full well that you will feel with me, and that you have a pious concern
for others' pangs. Here you will not find Grecian fables adorned with
many lies, nor Trojan battles, foul with blood and gore, but amorous
sentiments fed with torturing desires. Here will appear before your very
eyes the dolorous tears, the impetuous sighs, the heart-breaking words,
the stormy thoughts, which have harrowed me with an ever-recurring goad,
and have torn away from me sleep and appetite and the pleasant times of
old, and my much-loved beauty. When you behold these things, and behold
them with the ardent feelings which ladies are wont to have, sure I am
that the cheeks of each separately, and of all when brought together,
will be bathed in tears, because of those ills which are alone the
occasion of my never-ending misery. Do not, I beseech you, refuse me
these tears, reflecting that your estate is unstable as well as mine,
and that, should it ever come to resemble mine (the which may God
forfend!), the tears that others shed for you will be pleasing to you in
return. And that the time may pass more rapidly in speaking than in,
weeping, I will do my best to fulfil my promise briefly, beginning with
that love which was more happy than lasting, so that, by comparing that
happiness with my present case, you may learn that I am now more unhappy
than any woman ever has been. And afterward I will trace with mournful
pen, as best I can, all the agonies which are justly the source of my
lamentations. But first, if the prayers of the wretched are heard, if
there is in Heaven any Deity whose holy mind can be touched with
compassion for me, afflicted as I am, bathed in my own tears, Him I
beseech to aid my despondent memory and support my trembling hand in its
present task. So may the tortures which I have felt and still feel in my
soul become fruitful, and the memory will suggest the words for them,
and the hand, more eager than apt for such duty, will write them down.




Chapter I


_Wherein the lady describes who she was, and by what signs her
misfortunes were foreshadowed, and at what time, and where, and in what
manner, and of whom she became enamored, with the description of the
ensuing delight._

In the time when the newly-vestured earth appears more lovely than
during all the rest of the year came I into the world, begotten of noble
parents and born amid the unstinted gifts of benignant fortune. Accursed
be the day, to me more hateful than any other, on which I was born! Oh,
how far more befitting would it have been had I never been born, or had
I been carried from that luckless womb to my grave, or had I possessed a
life not longer than that of the teeth sown by Cadmus, or had Atropos
cut the thread of my existence at the very hour when it had begun! Then,
in earliest childhood would have been entombed the limitless woes that
are the melancholy occasion of that which I am writing. But what boots
it to complain of this now? I am here, beyond doubt; and it has pleased
and even now pleases God that I should be here. Born and reared, then,
amid boundless affluence, I learned under a venerable mistress whatever
manners and refinements it beseems a demoiselle of high rank to know.
And as my person grew and developed with my increasing years, so also
grew and developed my beauty. Alas! even while a child, on hearing that
beauty acclaimed of many, I gloried therein, and cultivated it by
ingenious care and art. And when I had bidden farewell to childhood, and
had attained a riper age, I soon discovered that this, my beauty
--ill-fated gift for one who desires to live virtuously!--had power to
kindle amorous sparks in youths of my own age, and other noble persons
as well, being instructed thereupon by nature, and feeling that love can
be quickened in young men by beauteous ladies. And by divers looks and
actions, the sense of which I did but dimly discern at the time, did
these youths endeavor in numberless ways to kindle in my heart the fire
wherewith their own hearts glowed--fire that was destined, not to warm,
but rather to consume me also in the future more than it ever has burned
another woman; and by many of these young men was I sought in marriage
with most fervid and passionate entreaty. But after I had chosen among
them one who was in every respect congenial to me, this importunate
crowd of suitors, being now almost hopeless, ceased to trouble me with
their looks and attentions. I, therefore, being satisfied, as was meet,
with such a husband, lived most happily, so long as fervid love, lighted
by flames hitherto unfelt, found no entrance into my young soul. Alas! I
had no wish unsatisfied; nothing that could please me or any other lady
ever was denied me, even for a moment. I was the sole delight, the
peculiar felicity of a youthful spouse, and, just as he loved me, so did
I equally love him. Oh, how much happier should I have been than all
other women, if the love for him that was then in my heart had endured!

It was, then, while I was living in sweet content, amid every kind of
enjoyment, that Fortune, who quickly changes all things earthly,
becoming envious of the very gifts which she herself had bestowed,
withdrew her protecting hand. At first uncertain in what manner she
could succeed in poisoning my happiness, she at length managed, with
subtle craft, to make mine own very eyes traitors and so guide me into
the path that led to disaster. But the gods were still propitious to me,
nay, were even more concerned for my fate than I myself. Having seen
through her veiled malice, they wished to supply me with weapons, had I
but known how to avail me thereof, wherewith I might fend my breast,
and not go unarmed to the battle wherein I was destined to fall. Yea, on
the very night that preceded the day which was the beginning of all my
woes, they revealed to me the future in my sleep by means of a clear and
distinct vision, in such wise as follows:

While lying on my spacious couch, with all my limbs relaxed in deepest
slumber, I seemed to be filled with greater joy than I had ever felt
before, and wherefore I knew not. And the day whereon this happened was
the brightest and loveliest of days. I was standing alone in verdant
grass, when, with the joy whereof I spoke, came the thought to me that
it might be well for me to repose in a meadow that appeared to be
shielded from the fervid rays of the sun by the shadows cast by various
trees newly garbed in their glossy foliage. But first, gathering divers
flowers, wherewith the whole sward was bejeweled, I placed them, with my
white hands, in a corner of my robe, and then, sitting down and choosing
flower after flower, I wove therefrom a fair garland, and adorned my
head with it. And, being so adorned, I arose, and, like unto Proserpine
at what time Pluto ravished her from her mother, I went along singing in
this new springtime. Then, being perchance weary, I laid me down in a
spot where the verdure was deepest and softest. But, just as the tender
foot of Eurydice was pierced by the concealed viper, so meseemed that a
hidden serpent came upon me, as I lay stretched on the grass, and
pierced me under the left breast. The bite of the sharp fang, when it
first entered, seemed to burn me. But afterward, feeling somewhat
reassured, and yet afraid of something worse ensuing, I thought I
clasped the cold serpent to my bosom, fancying that by communicating to
it the warmth of that bosom, I should thereby render it more kindly
disposed in my regard in return for such a service. But the viper, made
bolder and more obdurate by that very favor, laid his hideous mouth on
the wound he had given me, and after a long space, and after it had
drunk much of my blood, methought that, despite my resistance, it drew
forth my soul; and then, leaving my breast, departed with it. And at the
very moment of the serpent's departure the day lost its brightness, and
a thick shadow came behind me and covered me all over, and the farther
the serpent crept, the more lowering grew the heavens, and it seemed
almost as if the reptile dragged after it in its course the masses of
thick, black clouds that appeared to follow in its wake, Not long
afterward, just as a white stone flung into deep water gradually
vanishes from the eyes of the beholder, so it, too, vanished from my
sight. Then the heavens became darker and darker, and I thought that the
sun had suddenly withdrawn and night had surely returned, as it had
erstwhile returned to the _Greeks_ because of the crime of Atrcus. Next,
flashes of lightning sped swiftly along the skies, and peals of crashing
thunder appalled the earth and me likewise. And through all, the wound
made in my breast by the bite of the serpent remained with me still, and
full of viperous poison; for no medicinal help was within my reach, so
that my entire body appeared to have swollen in a most foul and
disgusting manner. Whereupon I, who before this seemed to be without
life or motion--why, I do not know--feeling that the force of the venom
was seeking to reach my heart in divers subtle ways, now tossed and
rolled upon the cool grass, expecting death at any moment. But methought
that when the hour of my doom arrived, I was struck with terror at its
approach, and the anguish of my heart was so appalling, while looking
forward to its coming, that my inert body was convulsed with horror, and
so my deep slumber was suddenly broken. No sooner was I fully awake
than, being still alarmed by the things I had seen, I felt with my right
hand for the wound in my breast, searching at the present moment for
that which was already being prepared for my future misery. Finding that
no wound was there, I began to feel quite safe and even merry, and I
made a mock of the folly of dreams and of those who believe in them,
and so I rendered the work of the gods useless. Ah, wretched me! if I
mocked them then, I had good reason to believe in them afterward, to my
bitter sorrow and with the shedding of useless tears; good reason had I
also to complain of the gods, who reveal their secrets to mortals in
such mystic guise that the things that are to happen in the future can
hardly be said to be revealed at all. Being then fully awake, I raised
my drowsy head, and, as soon as I saw the light of the new-risen sun
enter my chamber, laying aside every other thought directly, I at once
left my couch.

That day, too, was a day of the utmost solemnity for almost everyone.
Therefore, attiring myself carefully in glittering cloth of gold, and
adorning every part of my person with deft and cunning hand, I made
ready to go to the August festival, appareled like unto the goddesses
seen by Paris in the vale of Ida. And, while I was lost in admiration of
myself, just as the peacock is of his plumage, imagining that the
delight which I took in my own appearance would surely be shared by all
who saw me, a flower from my wreath fell on the ground near the curtain
of my bed, I know not wherefore--perhaps plucked from my head by a
celestial hand by me unseen. But I, careless of the occult signs by
which the gods forewarn mortals, picked it up, replaced it on my head,
and, as if nothing portentous had happened, I passed out from my abode.
Alas! what clearer token of what was to befall me could the gods have
given me? This should have served to prefigure to me that my soul, once
free and sovereign of itself, was on that day to lay aside its
sovereignty and become a slave, as it betided. Oh, if my mind had not
been distempered, I should have surely known that to me that day would
be the blackest and direst of days, and I should have let it pass
without ever crossing the threshold of my home! But although the gods
usually hold forth signs whereby those against whom they are incensed
may be warned, they often deprive them of due understanding; and thus,
while pointing out the path they ought to follow, they at the same time
sate their own anger. My ill fortune, then, thrust me forth from my
house, vain and careless that I was; and, accompanied by several ladies,
I moved with slow step to the sacred temple, in which the solemn
function required by the day was already celebrating. Ancient custom, as
well as my noble estate, had reserved for me a prominent place among the
other ladies. When I was seated, my eyes, as was my habit of old,
quickly wandered around the temple, and I saw that it was crowded with
men and women, who were divided into separate groups. And no sooner was
it observed that I was in the temple than (even while the sacred office
was going on) that happened which had always happened at other times,
and not only did the men turn their eyes to gaze upon me, but the women
did the same, as if Venus or Minerva had newly descended from the skies,
and would never again be seen by them in that spot where I was seated.
Oh, how often I laughed within my own breast, being enraptured with
myself, and taking glory unto myself because of such things, just as if
I were a real goddess! And so, nearly all the young gentlemen left off
admiring the other ladies, and took their station around me, and
straightway encompassed me almost in the form of a complete circle; and,
while speaking in divers ways of my beauty, each finished his praises
thereof with well-nigh the same sentences. But I who, by turning my eyes
in another direction, showed that my mind was intent on other cares,
kept my ears attentive to their discourse and received therefrom much
delectable sweetness; and, as it seemed to me that I was beholden to
them for such pleasure, I sometimes let my eyes rest on them more kindly
and benignantly. And not once, but many times, did I perceive that some
of them, puffed up with vain hopes because of this, boasted foolishly of
it to their companions.

While I, then, in this way looked at a few, and that sparingly, I was
myself looked at by many, and that exceedingly, and while I believed
that my beauty was dazzling others, it came to pass that the beauty of
another dazzled me, to my great tribulation. And now, being already
close on the dolorous moment, which was fated to be the occasion either
of a most assured death or of a life of such anguish that none before me
has ever endured the like, prompted by I know not what spirit, I raised
my eyes with decent gravity, and surveyed with penetrating look the
crowds of young men who were standing near me. And I discerned, more
plainly than I saw any of the others, a youth who stood directly in
front of me, all alone, leaning against a marble column; and, being
moved thereto by irresistible fate, I began to take thought within my
mind of his bearing and manners, the which I had never before done in
the case of anyone else. I say, then, that, according to my judgment,
which was not at that time biased by love, he was most beautiful in
form, most pleasing in deportment, and apparently of an honorable
disposition. The soft and silky locks that fell in graceful curls beside
his cheeks afforded manifest proof of his youthfulness. The look
wherewith he eyed me seemed to beg for pity, and yet it was marked by
the wariness and circumspection usual between man and man. Sure I am
that I had still strength enough to turn away my eyes from his gaze, at
least for a time; but no other occurrence had power to divert my
attention from the things already mentioned, and upon which I had deeply
pondered. And the image of his form, which was already in my mind,
remained there, and this image I dwelt upon with silent delight,
affirming within myself that those things were true which seemed to me
to be true; and, pleased that he should look at me, I raised my eyes
betimes to see whether he was still looking at me. But anon I gazed at
him more steadily, making no attempt to avoid amorous snares. And when I
had fixed my eyes on his more intently than was my wont, methought I
could read in his eyes words which might be uttered in this wise:

  "O lady, thou alone art mine only bliss!"

Certainly, if I should say that this idea was not pleasing to me, I
should surely lie, for it drew forth a gentle sigh from my bosom,
accompanied by these words: "And thou art mine!" unless, perchance, the
words were but the echo of his, caught by my mind and remaining within
it. But what availed it whether such words were spoken or not? The heart
had good understanding within itself of that which was not expressed by
the lips, and kept, too, within itself that which, if it had escaped
outside, might, mayhap, have left me still free. And so, from that time
forward, I gave more absolute liberty to my foolish eyes than ever they
had possessed before, and they were well content withal. And surely, if
the gods, who guide all things to a definite issue, had not deprived me
of understanding, I could still have been mistress of myself. But,
postponing every consideration to the last one that swayed me, I took
delight in following my unruly passion, and having made myself meet, all
at once, for such slavery, I became its thrall. For the fire that leaped
forth from his eyes encountered the light in mine, flashing thereunto a
most subtle ray. It did not remain content therewith, but, by what
hidden ways I know not, penetrated directly into the deepest recesses of
my heart; the which, affrighted by the sudden advent of this flame,
recalled to its center its exterior forces and left me as pale as
death, and also with the chill of death upon me. But not for long did
this continue, rather it happened contrariwise; and I felt my heart not
only glow with sudden beat, but its forces speeded back swiftly to their
places, bringing with them a throbbing warmth that chased away my pallor
and flushed my cheeks deeply; and, marveling wherefore this should
betide, I sighed heavily; nor thereafter was there other thought in my
soul than how I might please him.

In like fashion, he, without changing his place, continued to scrutinize
my features, but with the greatest caution; and, perhaps, having had
much practice in amorous warfare, and knowing by what devices the
longed-for prey might be captured, he showed himself every moment more
humble, more desperate, and more fraught with tender yearning. Alas! how
much guile did that seeming desperation hide, which, as the result has
now shown, though it may have come from the heart, never afterward
returned to the same, and made manifest later that its revealment on the
face was only a lure and a delusion! And, not to mention all his deeds,
each of which was full of most artful deception, he so wrought upon me
by his own craft, or else the fates willed it should so happen, that I
straightway found myself enmeshed in the snares of sudden and
unthought-of love, in a manner beyond all my powers of telling, and so I
remain unto this very hour.

It was this one alone, therefore, most pitiful ladies, that my heart, in
it mad infatuation, chose, not only among so many high-born, handsome
and valiant youths then present, but even among all of the same degree
having their abode in my own Parthenope, as first and last and sole lord
of my life. It was this one alone that I loved, and loved more than any
other. It was this one alone that was destined to be the beginning and
source of my by any pleasure, although often tempted, being at last
vanquished, have burned and now burn in the fire which then first caught
me. Omitting many thoughts that came into my mind, and many things that
were told me, I will only say that, intoxicated by a new passion, I
returned with a soul enslaved to that spot whence I had gone forth in
freedom.

When I was in my chamber, alone and unoccupied, inflamed with various
wild wishes, filled with new sensations and throbbing with many
anxieties, all of which were concentrated on the image of the youth who
pleased me, I argued within myself that if I could not banish love from
my luckless bosom, I might at least be able to keep cautious and secret
control of it therein; and how hard it is to do such a thing, no one can
discover who does not make trial of the same. Surely do I believe that
not even Love himself can cause so great anguish as such an attempt is
certain to produce. Furthermore, I was arrested in my purpose by the
fact that I had no acquaintance with him of whom I professed myself
enamored. To relate all the thoughts that were engendered in me by this
love, and of what nature they were, would take altogether too much time.
But some few I must perforce declare, as well as certain things that
were beginning to delight me more than usual. I say, then, that,
everything else being neglected, the only thing that was dear to me was
the thought of my beloved, and, when it occurred to my mind that, by
persevering in this course, I might, mayhap, give occasion to some one
to discover that which I wished to conceal, I often upbraided myself for
my folly. But what availed it all? My upbraidings had to give way to my
inordinate yearning for him, and dissolved uselessly into thin air.

For several days I longed exceedingly to learn who was the youth I
loved, toward whom my thoughts were ever clearly leading me; and this I
craftily learned, the which filled me with great content. In like
manner, the ornaments for which I had before this in no way cared, as
having but little need thereof, began to be dear to me, thinking that
the more I was adorned the better should I please. Wherefore I prized
more than hitherto my garments, gold, pearls, and my other precious
things. Until the present moment it had been my custom to frequent
churches, gardens, festivals, and seaside resorts, without other wish
than the companionship of young friends of my own sex; now, I sought the
aforesaid places with a new desire, believing that both to see and be
seen would bring me great delectation. But, in sooth, the trust which I
was wont to place in my beauty had deserted me, and now I never left my
chamber, without first seeking the faithful counsel of my mirror: and my
hands, newly instructed thereunto by I know not what cunning master,
discovering each day some more elegant mode of adornment than the day
before, and deftly adding artificial charms to my natural loveliness,
thereby caused me to outshine all the other ladies in my surpassing
splendor. Furthermore, I began to wish for the honors usually paid to me
by ladies, because of their gracious courtesy, though, perhaps, they
were rather the guerdon of my noble birth, being due to me therefor,
thinking that if I appeared so magnificent to my beloved's eyes, he
would take the more delight in beholding me. Avarice, too, which is
inborn in women, fled from me, so that I became free and openhanded, and
regarded my own possessions almost as if they were not my own. The
sedateness that beseems a woman fell away from me somewhat, and I grew
bolder in my ways; and, in addition to all this, my eyes, which until
that day looked out on the world simply and naturally, entirely changed
their manner of looking, and became so artful in their office that it
was a marvel. And many other alterations appeared in me over and above
these, all of which I do not care to relate, for besides that the
report thereof would be too tedious, I ween full well that you, like me,
also have been, or are, in love, and know what changes take place in
those who are in such sad case.

He was a most wary and circumspect youth, whereunto my experience was
able to bear witness frequently. Going very rarely, and always in the
most decorous manner, to the places where I happened to be, he used to
observe me, but ever with a cautious eye, so that it seemed as if he had
planned as well as I to hide the tender flames that glowed in the
breasts of both. Certainly, if I denied that love, although it had
clutched every corner of my heart and taken violent possession of every
recess of my soul, grew even more intense whenever it happened that my
eyes encountered his, I should deny the truth; he added further fuel to
the fires that consumed me, and rekindled such as might be expiring, if,
mayhap, there were any such. But the beginning of all this was by no
means so cheerful as the ending was joyless, as soon as I was deprived
of the sight of this, my beloved, inasmuch as the eyes, being thus
robbed of their delight, gave woful occasion of lamentation to the
heart, the sighs whereof grew greater in quality as well as in quantity,
and desire, as if seizing my every feeling, took me away from myself,
and, as if I were not where I was, I frequently gave him who saw me
cause for amazement by affording numberless pretexts for such
happenings, being taught by love itself. In addition to this, the quiet
of the night and the thoughts on which my fancy fed continuously, by
taking me out of myself, sometimes moved me to actions more frantic than
passionate and to the employment of unusual words.

But it happened that while my excess of ornaments, heartfelt sighs, lost
rest, strange actions, frantic movements, and other effects of my recent
love, attracted the notice of the other domestics of the household, they
especially struck with wonder a nurse of mine, old in years and
experienced, and of sound judgment, who, though well aware of the flames
that tortured my breast, yet making show of not knowing thereof,
frequently chided me for my altered manners. One day in particular,
finding me lying disconsolate on my couch, seeing that my brow was
charged with doleful thoughts, and believing that we were not likely to
be interrupted by other company, she began to speak as follows:

"My dearest daughter, whom I love as my very self, tell me, I pray you,
what are the sorrows that have for some time past been harassing you?
You who were wont to be so gay formerly, you whom I have never seen
before with a mournful countenance, seem to me now to be the prey of
grief and to let no moment pass without a sigh."

Then, having at first feigned to be asleep and not to have heard her, I
heaved a deep sigh, and, my face, at one time flushing, at another
turning pale, I tossed about on the couch, seeking what answer I should
make, though, indeed, in my agitation, my tongue could hardly shape a
perfect sentence. But, at length, I answered:

"Indeed, dear nurse, no fresh sorrows harass me; nor do I feel that I am
in any way different from what I am wont to be. Perhaps some troubles I
may have, but they are such as are incidental to all women."

"Most certainly, you are trying to deceive me, my child," returned the
aged nurse, "and you seem not to reflect how serious a matter it is to
attempt to lead persons of experience to believe one thing because it is
couched in words and to disbelieve the opposite, although it is made
plainly evident by deeds. There is no reason why you should hide from me
a fact whereof I have had perfect knowledge since several days ago."

Alas! when I heard her speak thus, provoked and stung by her words, I
said:

"If, then, thou wittest of all this, wherefore dost thou question me?
All that thou hast to do now is to keep secret that which thou hast
discovered."

"In good truth," she replied, "I will conceal all that which it is not
meet that another should know, and may the earth open and engulf me in
its bowels before I ever reveal aught that might turn to thy open shame!
Therefore, do thou live assured of this, and guard thyself carefully
from letting another know that which I, without either thyself or anyone
else telling me, have learned from observing thy looks. As for myself,
it is not now, but long ere now, that I have learned to keep hidden that
which should not be disclosed. Therefore, do thou continue to feel
secure as to this matter, and watch most carefully that thou lettest not
another know that which I, not witting it from thee or from another,
most surely have discovered from thine own face and from its changeful
seeming. But, if thou art still the victim of that folly by which I know
thou hast been enslaved, if thou art as prone now as erewhile to indulge
that feeling to which thou hast already given way, then know I right
well that I must leave thee to thy own devices, for bootless will be my
teachings and my warnings. Still, although this cruel tyrant, to whom in
thy youthful simplicity being taken by surprise thou hast yielded thy
freedom, appears to have deprived thee of understanding as well as of
liberty, I will put thee in mind of many things, and entreat thee to
fling off and banish wicked thoughts from thy chaste bosom, to quench
that unholy fire, and not to make thyself the thrall of unworthy hopes.
Now is the time to be strong in resistance; for whoso makes a stout
fight in the beginning roots out an unhallowed affection, and bears
securely the palm of victory; but whoso, with long and wishful fancies,
fosters it, will try too late to resist a yoke that has been submitted
to almost unresistingly."

"Alas!" I replied, "how far easier it is to say such things than to
lead them to any good result."

"Albeit they be not easy of fulfilment," she said, "yet are they
possible, and they are things that it beseems you to do. Take thou
thought whether it would be fitting that for such a thing as this thou
shouldst lose the luster of thy exalted parentage, the great fame of thy
virtue, the flower of thy beauty, the honor in which thou art now held,
and, above all, the favor of the spouse whom thou hast loved and by whom
thou art loved: certainly, thou shouldst not wish for this; nor do I
believe thou wouldst wish it, if thou didst but weigh the matter
seriously in thine own mind. Wherefore, in the name of God, forbear, and
drive from thy heart the false delights promised by a guilty hope, and,
with them, the madness that has seized thee. By this aged breast, long
harassed by many cares, from which thou didst take thy first nutriment,
I humbly beseech thee to have the courage to aid thyself, to have a
concern for thine own honor, and not to disdain my warnings. Bethink
thee that the very desire to be healed is itself often productive of
health."

Whereto I thus made answer:

"Only too well do I know, dear nurse, the truth of that which thou
sayest. But a furious madness constrains me to follow the worse course;
vainly does my heart, insatiable in its desires, long for strength to
enable it to adopt thy advice; what reason enjoins is rendered of no
avail by this soul-subduing passion. My mind is wholly possessed by
Love, who rules every part thereof, in virtue of his all-embracing
deity; and surely thou art aware that his power is absolute, and 'twere
useless to attempt to resist it."

Having said these words, I became almost unconscious, and fell into her
arms. But she, now more agitated than before, in austere and rebuking
tones, said:

"Yes, forsooth, well am I aware that you and a number of fond young
women, inflamed and instigated thereunto by vain thoughts, have
discovered Love to be a god, whereas a juster name for him would be that
of demon; and you and they call him the son of Venus, and say that his
strength has come to him from the third heaven, wishing, seemingly, to
offer necessity as an excuse for your foolishness. Oh, was ever woman so
misled as thou? Truly, thou must be bereft entirely of understanding!
What a thing thou sayest! Love a deity! Love is a madness, thrust forth
from hell by some fury. He speeds across the earth in hasty flight, and
they whom he visits soon discover that he brings no deity with him, but
frenzy rather; yet none will he visit except those abounding overmuch in
earthly felicity; for they, he knows, in their overweening conceit, are
ready to afford him lodgment and shelter. This has been proven to us by
many facts. Do we not see that Venus, the true, the heavenly Venus,
often dwells in the humblest cot, her sole concern being the
perpetuation of our race? But this god, whom some in their folly name
Love, always hankering after things unholy, ministers only to those
whose fortunes are prosperous. This one, recoiling from those whose food
and raiment suffice to meet the demands of nature, uses his best efforts
to win over the pampered and the splendidly attired, and with their food
and their habiliments he mixes his poisons, and so gains the lordship of
their wicked souls; and, for this reason, he gladly seeks a harborage in
lofty palaces, and seldom, or rather never, enters the houses of the
lowly, because this horrible plague always resorts by choice to scenes
of elegance and refinement, well knowing that such places are best
fitted for the achievement of his fell purposes. It is easy for us to
see that among the humble the affections are sane and well ordered; but
the rich, on the other hand, everywhere pluming themselves on their
riches, and being insatiable in their pursuit of other things as well as
of wealth, always show more eagerness therein than is becoming; and they
who can do much desire furthermore to have the power of doing that which
they must not do: among whom I feel that thou hast placed thyself, O
most hapless of women, seeing that thou hast already entered and
traveled far on a path that will surely lead to guilt and misery."

After hearing which, I said:

"Be silent, old woman, and provoke not the wrath of the gods by thy
speech. Now that thou art incapacitated from love by age and rejected by
all the gods, thou railest against this one, blaspheming him in whom
thou didst erstwhile take delight. If other ladies, far more puissant,
famous, and wise than I, have formerly called him by that name, it is
not in my power to give him a name anew. By him am I now truly enslaved;
whatever be the cause of this, and whether it be the occasion of my
happiness or misery, I am helpless. The strength wherewith I once
opposed him has been vanquished and has abandoned me. Therefore either
death or the youth for whom I languish can alone end my tortures. If
thou art, then, as wise as I hold thee to be, bestow such counsel and
help on me as may lighten my anguish, or, at least, abstain from
exasperating it by censuring that to which my soul, unable to act
differently, is inclined with all its energy."

Thereupon, she, being angry, and not without reason, making no answer,
but muttering to herself, passed out of the chamber and left me alone.

When my dear nurse had departed without making further discourse, and I
was again alone, I felt that I had acted ill in despising her advice. I
revolved her sayings within my restless breast; and, albeit my
understanding was blinded, I perceived that what she had said was
replete with wisdom, and, almost repenting of what I had uttered and of
the course which I had declared I purposed taking, I was wavering in my
mind. And, already beginning to have thoughts of abandoning that course
which was sure to be in every way most harmful, I was about to call her
back to give me encouragement, when a new and unforeseen event suddenly
changed my intention. For a most beautiful lady, come to my private
chamber I know not whence, presented herself before my eyes, enveloped
in such dazzling light that scarcely could my sight endure the
brightness thereof. But while she stood still and silent before me, the
effulgent radiance that had almost blinded my vision, after a time left
it unobscured, and I was able so to portray her every aspect to my mind,
as her whole beauteous figure was impressed on my memory. I saw that she
was nude, except for a thin and delicate drapery of purple, which,
albeit in some parts it covered the milk-white body, yet no more
concealed it from my ravished eyes than does the transparent glass
conceal the portrait beneath it. Her head, the hair whereof as much
surpassed gold in its luster as gold surpasses the yellowest tresses to
be found among mortals, was garlanded with a wreath of green myrtle,
beneath whose shadow I beheld two eyes of peerless splendor, so
enchanting that I could have gazed on them forever; they flashed forth
such luminous beams that it was a marvel; and all the rest of her
countenance had such transcendent loveliness that the like never was
seen here below. At first she spake no word, perchance content that I
should look upon her, or perchance seeing me so content to look upon
her. Then gradually through the translucent radiance, she revealed more
clearly every hidden grace, for she was aware that I could not believe
such beauty possible except I beheld it with my eyes, and that even then
words would fail me to picture it to mortals with my tongue. At last,
when she observed that I had sated my eyes with gazing on her, and when
she saw that her coming hither was as wondrous to me as her loveliness,
with smiling face, and in a voice sweeter than can be conceived by minds
like ours, she thus addressed me:

"Prithee, young woman, what art thou, the most fickle of thy sex,
preparing to do in obedience to the late counsels of thy aged nurse?
Knowest thou not that such counsels are far harder to follow than that
very love which thou desirest to flee? Hast thou reflected on the dire
and unendurable torments which compliance with them will entail on thee?
O most insensate one! dost thou then, who only a few hours ago wert my
willing vassal, now wish to break away from my gentle rule, because,
forsooth, of the words of an old woman, who is no longer vassal of mine,
as if, like her, thou art now unwitting of what delights I am the
source? O most witless of women! forbear, and reflect whether thou
shouldst not find befitting happiness in that which makes the happiness
of Heaven and earth. All things that Phoebus beholds during the bright
day, from what time he emerges from Ganges, until he plunges with his
tired steeds into the Hesperian waves, to seek due repose after his
wearisome pilgrimage; all things that are confined between cold Arcturus
and the red-hot pole, all own the absolute and authentic lordship of my
winged son; and in Heaven not only is he esteemed a god, like the other
deities, but he is so much more puissant than them all that not one
remains who has not heretofore been vanquished by his darts. He, flying
on golden plumage throughout his realms, with such swiftness that his
passage can hardly be discerned, visits them all in turn, and, bending
his strong bow, to the drawn string he fits the arrows forged by me and
tempered in the fountains sacred to my divinity. And when he elects
anyone to his service, as being more worthy than others, that one he
rules as it likes him. He kindles raging fires in the hearts of the
young, fans the flames that are almost dead in the old, awakens the
fever of passion in the chaste bosoms of virgins and instils a genial
warmth into the breasts of wives and widows equally. He has even
aforetime forced the gods, wrought up to a frenzy by his blazing torch,
to forsake the heavens and dwell on earth under false appearances.
Whereof the proofs are many. Was not Phoebus, though victor over huge
Python and creator of the celestial strains that sound from the lyres of
Parnassus, by him made the thrall, now of Daphne, now of Clymene, and
again of Leucothea, and of many others withal? Certainly, this was so.
And, finally, hiding his brightness under the form of a shepherd, did
not Apollo tend the flocks of Admetus? Even Jove himself, who rules the
skies, by this god coerced, molded his greatness into forms inferior to
his own. Sometimes, in shape of a snow-white fowl, he gave voice to
sounds sweeter than those of the dying swan, and anon, changing to a
young bull and fitting horns to his brow, he bellowed along the plains,
and humbled his proud flanks to the touch of a virgin's knees, and,
compelling his tired hoofs to do the office of oars, he breasted the
waves of his brother's kingdom, yet sank not in its depths, but joyously
bore away his prize. I shall not discourse unto you of his pursuit of
Semele under his proper form, or of Alcmena, in guise of Amphitryon, or
of Callisto, under the semblance of Diana, or of Danae for whose sake he
became a shower of gold, seeing that in the telling thereof I should
waste too much time. Nay, even the savage god of war, whose strength
appalls the giants, repressed his wrathful bluster, being forced to such
submission by this my son, and became gentle and loving. And the forger
of Jupiter, and artificer of his three-pronged thunderbolts, though
trained to handle fire, was smitten by a shaft more potent than he
himself had ever wrought. Nay I, though I be his mother, have not been
able to fend off his arrows: Witness the tears I have shed for the death
of Adonis! But why weary myself and thee with the utterance of so many
words? There is no deity in heaven who has passed unscathed from his
assaults; except, perhaps, Diana only, who may have escaped him by
fleeing to the woods; though some there be who tell that she did not
flee, but rather concealed the wound. If haply, however, thou, in the
hardness of thy unbelief, rejectest the testimony of heaven, and
searchest rather for examples of those in this nether world who have
felt his power, I affirm them to be so multitudinous that where to begin
I know not. Yet this much may I tell thee truly: all who have confessed
his sway have been men of might and valor. Consider attentively, in the
first place, that undaunted son of Alcmena, who, laying aside his arrows
and the formidable skin of the huge lion, was fain to adorn his fingers
with green emeralds, and to smooth and adjust his bristling and
rebellions hair. Nay, that hand which aforetime had wielded the terrific
club, and slain therewith Antaeus, and dragged the hound of hell from the
lower world, was now content to draw the woolen threads spun from
Omphale's distaff; and the shoulders whereon had rested the pillars of
the heavens, from which he had for a time freed Atlas, were now clasped
in Omphale's arms, and afterward, to do her pleasure, covered with a
diaphanous raiment of purple. Need I relate what Paris did in obedience
to the great deity? or Helen? or Clytemnestra? or AEgisthus? These are
things that are well known to all the world. Nor do I care to speak of
Achilles, or of Scylla, of Ariadne or Leander, of Dido, or of many
others, of whom the same tale could be told, were there need to tell it.
Believe me when I affirm that this fire is holy, and most potent as
well. Thou hast heard that heaven and earth are subject to my son
because of his lordship over gods and men. But what shall I say of the
power that he exercises over irrational animals, whether celestial or
terrene? It is through him that the turtle is fain to follow her mate;
it is through him that my pigeons have learned to caress his ringdoves
with fondest endearments. And there is no creeping or living creature
that has ever at any time attempted to escape from his puissance: in the
woods the timid stag, made fierce by his touch, becomes brave for sake
of the coveted hind and by bellowing and fighting, they prove how strong
are the witcheries of Love. The ferocious boars are made by Love to
froth at the mouth and sharpen their ivory tusks; the African lions,
when Love quickens them, shake their manes in fury. But leaving the
groves and forests, I assert that even in the chilly waters the
numberless divinities of the sea and of the flowing rivers are not safe
from the bolts of my son. Neither can I for a moment believe that thou
art ignorant of the testimony thereof which has been rendered by
Neptune, Glaucus, Alpheus, and others too numerous to mention: not only
were they unable to quench the flame with their dank waters, but they
could not even moderate its fury, which, when it had made its might
felt, both on the earth and in the waters, continued its onward course,
and rested not until it had penetrated into the gloomy realms of Dis.
Therefore Heaven and Earth and Ocean and Hell itself have had experience
of the potency of his weapons. And, in order that thou mayest understand
in a few words the power of the deity, I tell thee that, while
everything succumbs to nature, and nothing can ever be emancipated from
her dominion, Nature herself is but the servant of Love. When he
commands, ancient hatreds perish, and angry moods, be they old or new,
give place to his fires; and lastly, his sway has such far-reaching
influence that even stepmothers become gracious to their stepchildren, a
thing which it is a marvel to behold. Therefore what seekest thou? Why
dost thou hesitate? Why dost thou rashly avoid him? When so many gods,
when so many men, when so many animals, have been vanquished by him, art
ashamed to be vanquished by him also? In good sooth, thou weenest not
what thou art doing. If thou fearest to be blamed for thy obedience to
him, a blame so unmerited never can be thy portion. Greater sins than
thou canst commit have been committed by thousands far greater than
thou, and these sins would plead as thy excuse, shouldst thou pursue
that course which others have pursued--others who far excel thee. Thou
wilt have sinned but a little, seeing that thou hadst far less power of
resistance than those aforementioned. But if my words move thee not, and
thou wouldst still wish to withstand the god, bethink thee that thy
power falls far short of that of Jove, and that in judgment thou canst
not equal Phoebus, nor in wealth Juno, nor me in beauty; and yet, we all
have been conquered. Thou art greatly deceived, and I fear me that thou
must perish in the end, if thou persist in thy changed purpose. Let that
which has erstwhile sufficed for the whole world, suffice for thee, nor
try to render thyself cold-hearted, by saying: 'I have a husband, and
the holy laws and the vowed faith forbid me this'; for bootless are such
reasonings against the puissance of this god. He discards the laws of
others scornfully, as thinking them of no account, and ordains his own.
Pasiphae? had a husband, and Phaedra, and I, too, even though I have
loved. And it is these same husbands who most frequently fall in love
with others, albeit they have wives of their own: witness Jason and
Theseus and valiant Hector and Ulysses. Therefore to men we do no wrong
if we apply to them the same laws that they apply to others; for to
them no privilege has been granted which is not accorded to us withal.
Banish, then, thy foolish thoughts, and, in all security, go on loving
him whom thou hadst already begun to love. In good sooth, if thou
refusest to own the power of mighty Love, it behooves thee to fly; but
whither canst thou fly? Knowest thou of any retreat where he will not
follow and overtake thee? He has in all places equal puissance. Go
wheresoever thou wilt, never canst thou pass across the borders of his
realms, and within these realms vain it is for mortals to try to hide
themselves when he would smite them. But let it comfort thee to know,
young woman, that no such odious passion shall trouble thee as erstwhile
was the scourge of Myrrha, Semiramis, Byblis, Canace, and Cleopatra.
Nothing strange or new will be wrought by my son in thy regard. He has,
as have the other gods, his own special laws, which thou art not the
first to obey, and shouldst not be the last to entertain hopes
therefrom. If haply thou believest that thou art without companions in
this, foolish is thy belief. Let us pass by the other world, which is
fraught with such happenings; but observe attentively only thine own
city! What an infinite number of ladies it can show who are in the same
case with thyself! And remember that what is done by so many cannot be
deemed unseemly. Therefore, be thou of our following, and return thanks
to our beauty, which thou hast so closely examined. But return special
thanks to our deity, which has sundered thee from the ranks of the
simple, and persuaded thee to become acquainted with the delights that
our gifts bestow."

Alas! alas! ye tender and compassionate ladies, if Love has been
propitious to your desires, say what could I, what should I, answer to
such and so great words uttered by so great a goddess, if not: "Be it
done unto me according to thy pleasure"? And so, I affirm that as soon
as she had closed her lips, having already harvested within my
understanding all her words, and feeling that every word was charged
with ample excuse for what I might do, and knowing now how mighty she
was and how resistless, I resolved at once to submit to her guidance;
and instantly rising from my couch, and kneeling on the ground, with
humbled heart, I thus began, in abashed and tremulous accents:

"O peerless and eternal loveliness! O divinest of deities! O sole
mistress of all my thoughts! whose power is felt to be most invincible
by those who dare to try to withstand it, forgive the ill-timed
obstinacy wherewith I, in my great folly, attempted to ward off from my
breast the weapons of thy son, who was then to me an unknown divinity.
Now, I repeat, be it done unto me according to thy pleasure, and
according to thy promises withal. Surely, my faith merits a due reward
in time and space, seeing that I, taking delight in thee more than do
all other women, wish to see the number of thy subjects increase forever
and ever."

Hardly had I made an end of speaking these words, when she moved from
the place where she was standing, and came toward me. Then, her face
glowing with the most fervent expression of affection and sympathy, she
embraced me, and touched my forehead with her divine lips. Next, just as
the false Ascanius, when panting in the arms of Dido, breathed on her
mouth, and thereby kindled the latent flame, so did she breathe on my
mouth, and, in that wise, rendered the divine fire that slumbered in my
heart more uncontrollable than ever, and this I felt at that very
moment. Thereafter, opening a little her purple robe, she showed me,
clasped in her arms against her ravishing breast, the very counterpart
of the youth I loved, wrapped in the transparent folds of a Grecian
mantle, and revealing in the lineaments of his countenance pangs that
were not unlike those I suffered.

"O damsel," she said, "rivet thy gaze on the youth before thee: we have
not given thee for lover a Lissa, a Geta, or a Birria, or anyone
resembling them, but a person in every way worthy of being loved by
every goddess in the heavens. Thee he loves more than himself, as we
have ordained, and thee will he ever love; therefore do thou, joyfully
and securely, abandon thyself to his love. Thy prayers have moved us to
pity, as it is meet that prayers so deserving should, and so, be of good
hope, and fear not that thou shalt be without the reward due thee in the
future."

And thereafter she suddenly vanished from my eyes. _Oime!_ wretched me!
I do not for a moment doubt now, after considering the things which
followed, that this one who appeared unto me was not Venus, but rather
Tisiphone, who, doffing from her head the horrid snakes that served it
for hair, and assuming for the while the splendid form of the Goddess of
Love, in this manner lured me with deceitful counsels to that disaster
which at length overwhelmed me. Thus did Juno, but in different fashion,
veiling the radiance of her deity and transforming herself for the
occasion into the exact likeness of her aged nurse, persuaded Semele to
her undoing. Woe is me! my resolve to be so advised was the cause--O
hallowed Modesty! O Chastity, most sacred of all the virtues! sole and
most precious treasure of righteous women!--was the cause, I repeat,
wherefore I drove ye from my bosom. Yet do I venture to pray unto ye for
pardon, and surely the sinner who repents and perseveres in repentance
should in due season obtain your forgiveness.

Although the goddess had disappeared from my sight, my whole soul,
nevertheless, continued to crave her promised delights; and, albeit the
ardor of the passion that vexed my soul deprived me of every other
feeling, one piece of good fortune, for what deserving of mine I know
not, remained to me out of so many that had been lost--namely, the power
of knowing that seldom if ever has a smooth and happy ending been
granted to love, if that love be divulged and blazed abroad. And for
this reason, when influenced by my highest thoughts, I resolved,
although it was a most serious thing to do so, not to set will above
reason in carrying this my desire unto an ending. And assuredly,
although I have often been most violently constrained by divers
accidents to follow certain courses, yet so much grace was conceded to
me that, sustained by my own firmness, I passed through these agonies
without revealing the pangs that tortured me. And in sooth, I have still
resolution enough to continue to follow out this my purpose; so that,
although the things I write are most true, I have so disposed them that
no one, however keen his sagacity, can ever discover who I am, except
him who is as well acquainted with these matters as I, being, indeed,
the occasion of them all. And I implore him, should this little book
ever come into his hands, in the name of that love which he once bore
me, to conceal that which, if disclosed, would turn neither to his
profit nor honor. And, albeit he has deprived me of himself, and that
through no fault of mine, let him not take it upon himself to deprive me
of that honor which I still possess, although, perchance, undeservedly;
for should he do so, he could never again give it back to me, any more
than he can now give me back himself.

Having, therefore, formed my plans in this wise, I showed the most
long-suffering patience in manifesting my keenest and most covetous
yearnings, and I used my best efforts, but only in secret ways and when
opportunities were afforded me, to light in this young man's soul the
same flames wherewith my own soul glowed, and to make him as
circumspect as myself withal. Nor, in truth, was this for me a task of
great difficulty; for, inasmuch as the lineaments of the face always
bear most true witness to the qualities of the heart, it was not long
before I became aware that my desire would have its full fruition. I
perceived that, not only was he throbbing with amorous enthusiasm, but
that he was also imbued with most perfect discretion, and this was
exceedingly pleasing to me. He, being at once wishful to preserve my
honor in all its luster, and, at the same time, to arrange convenient
times and places for our meetings, employed many ingenious stratagems,
which, methinks, must have cost him much toil and trouble. He used every
subtle art to win the friendship of all who were related to me, and, at
last, of my husband; and not only did he enjoy their friendship, but he
possessed it in such a supreme degree that no pleasure was agreeable to
them unless he shared it. How much all this delighted me you will
understand without its being needful to me to set it down in words. And
is there anyone so dull of wit as not to conclude that from the
aforesaid friendship arose many opportunities for him and me of holding
discourse together in public? But already had he bethought himself of
acting in more subtle ways; and now he would speak to this one, now to
that one, words whereby I, being most eager for such enlightenment,
discovered that whatever he said to these was fraught with figurative
and hidden meanings, intended to show forth his ardent affection for
myself. When he was sensible that I had a clear perception of the occult
significance of his questions and answers, he went still further, and by
gestures, and mobile changes in the expression of his features, he would
make known to me his thoughts and the various phases of his passion,
which was to me a source of much delectation; and I strove so hard to
comprehend it all and to make fitting response thereunto, that neither
could he shadow forth anything to me, nor I to him, that either of us
did not at once understand.

Nay, not satisfied even with this, he employed other symbols and
metaphors, and labored earnestly to discipline me in such manner of
speech; and, to render me the more assured of his unalterable love, he
named me Fiammetta, and himself Panfilo. Woe is me! How often, when
warmed with love and wine, did we tell tales, in the presence of our
dearest friends, of Fiammetta and Panfilo, feigning that they were
Greeks of the days of old, I at one time, he at another; and the tales
were all of ourselves; how we were first caught in the snares of Love,
and of what tribulations we were long the victims, giving suitable names
to the places and persons connected with the story! Certainly, I
frequently laughed at it all, being made merry by the simplicity of the
bystanders, as well as by his astuteness and sagacity. Yet betimes I
dreaded that in the flush of his excitement he might thoughtlessly let
his tongue wander in directions wherein it was not befitting it should
venture. But he, being ever far wiser than I imagined, guarded himself
craftily from any such blundering awkwardness.

_Oime!_ most compassionate ladies, what is there that Love will not
teach to his subjects? and what is there that he is not able to render
them skilful in learning? I, who of all young women was the most
simple-minded, and ordinarily with barely power to loose my tongue, when
among my companions, concerning the most trivial and ordinary affairs,
now, because of this my affection, mastered so speedily all his modes of
speech that, in a brief space, my aptness at feigning and inventing
surpassed that of any poet! And there were few questions put to me in
response to which, after meditating on their main points, I could not
make up a pleasing tale: a thing, in my opinion, exceedingly difficult
for a young woman to begin, and still more difficult to finish and
relate afterward. But, if my actual situation required it, I might set
down numerous details which might, perhaps, seem to you of little or no
moment, as, for instance, the artful experiment whereby we tested the
fidelity of my favorite maid to whom, and to whom alone, we meditated
entrusting the secret of this hidden passion, considering that, should
another share it, our uneasiness, lest it should not be kept, would be
most grievous. Furthermore, it would weary you if I mentioned all the
plans we adopted, in order to meet divers situations, plans that I do
not believe were ever imagined by any before us; and albeit I am now
well aware that they all worked for my ultimate destruction, yet the
remembrance of them does not displease me.

Unless, O ladies, my judgment be greatly at fault, the strength of our
minds was by no means small, if it be but taken in account how hard a
thing it is for youthful persons in love to resist long the rush of
impetuous ardor without crossing the bounds set by reason: nay, it was
so great and of such quality that the most valiant of men, by acting in
such wise, would win high and worthy laud as a result thereof. But my
pen is now about to depict the final ending to which love was guided,
and, before I do so, I would appeal to your pity and to those soft
sentiments which make their dwelling in your tender breasts, and incline
your thoughts to a like termination.

Day succeeded day, and our wishes dragged along with them, kept alive by
torturing anxiety, the full bitterness whereof each of us experienced;
although the one manifested this to the other in disguised language, and
the other showed herself over-discreet to an excessive degree; all of
which you who know how ladies who are beloved behave in such
circumstances will easily understand. Well, then, he, putting full trust
in the veiled meaning of my words, and choosing the proper time and
place, came to an experience of that which I desired as much as he,
although I feigned the contrary. Certainly, if I were to say that this
was the cause of the love I felt for him, I should also have to confess
that every time it came back to my memory, it was the occasion to me of
a sorrow like unto none other. But, I call God to witness, nothing that
has happened between us had the slightest influence upon the love I bore
him, nor has it now. Still, I will not deny that our close intimacy was
then, and is now, most dear to me. And where is the woman so unwise as
not to wish to have the object of her affection within reach rather than
at a distance? How much more intensely does love enthrall us when it is
brought so near us that we and it are made almost inseparable! I say,
then, that after such an adventure, never afore willed or even thought
of by me, not once, but many times did fortune and our adroit stratagems
bring us good cheer and consolation, not indeed screened entirely from
danger, for which I cared less than for the passing of the fleeing wind.
But while the time was being spent in such joyous fashion--and that it
was joyous, Love, who alone may bear witness thereof, can truly say--yet
sometimes his coming inspired me with not a little natural apprehension,
inasmuch as he was beginning to be indiscreet in the manner of his
coming. But how dear to him was my own apartment, and with what gladness
did it see him enter! Yet was he filled with more reverence for it than
he ever had been for a sacred temple, and this I could at all times
easily discern. Woe is me! what burning kisses, what tender embraces,
what delicious moments we had there!

Why do I take such pleasure in the mere words which I am now setting
down? It is, I say, because I am forced to express the gratitude I then
felt to the holy goddess who was the promiser and bestower of Love's
delights. Ah, how often did I visit her altars and offer incense,
crowned with a garland of her favorite foliage! How often did I think
scornfully of the counsels of my aged nurse! Nay, furthermore, being
elated far more than all my other companions, how often did I disparage
their loves, saying within myself: "No one is loved as I am loved, no
one loves a youth as matchless as the youth I love, no one realizes such
delights from love as I!" In short, I counted the world as nothing in
comparison with my love. It seemed to me that my head touched the skies,
and that nothing was lacking to the culmination of my ecstatic bliss.
Betimes the idea flashed on my mind that I must disclose to others the
occasion of my transports, for surely, I would reflect, it would be a
delight to others to hear of that which has brought such delight to me!
But thou, O Shame, on the one side, and thou, O Fear, on the other, did
hold me back: the one threatening me with eternal infamy; the other with
loss of that which hostile Fortune was soon afterward to tear from me.
In such wise then, did I live for some time, for it was then pleasing to
Love that I should live in this manner; and, in good sooth, so blithely
and joyously were these days spent that I had little cause to envy any
lady in the whole world, never imagining that the delight wherewith my
heart was filled to overflowing, was to nourish the root and plant of my
future misery, as I now know to my fruitless and never-ending sorrow.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of La Fiammetta, by Giovanni Boccaccio

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK LA FIAMMETTA ***

***** This file should be named 10006.txt or 10006.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/0/10006/

Produced by Ted Garvin, Dave Morgan and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of The Eulogies of Howard, by William Hayley

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: The Eulogies of Howard

Author: William Hayley

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10010]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE EULOGIES OF HOWARD ***




Produced by Jonathan Ingram and PG Distributed Proofreaders




THE EULOGIES OF HOWARD.

A VISION.


    ----to tell of deeds
    Above heroic. MILTON.


M.DCC.XCI.




THE EULOGIES OF HOWARD


It was my chance to be conversing with a Friend of the benevolent and
indefatigable HOWARD, when our country was first afflicted with the
public intelligence of his death. After our first expression of surprize
and sorrow, we naturally fell into serious and affectionate reflections
on the gentle character and sublime pursuits of the deceased. On these
articles we had no difference of opinion; but in the course of our
conversation a point arose, on which our sentiments were directly
opposite, though we were equally sincere and ardent in our regret and
veneration for the departed Worthy, to whom it related. I happened to
speak of the public honours that, I hoped, a grateful, a generous, a
magnificent Nation would render to his memory. My companion immediately
exclaimed, "that every ostentatious memorial, to commemorate the virtues
of his friend, would be inconsistent with the meekness and simplicity of
the man; that all, who had the happiness of knowing HOWARD, must
recollect with what genuine modesty he had ever retired from the
enthusiastic admiration of those, who had hoped to gratify his ambition
by undeserved applause; that he had really sought no reward but in the
approbation of his conscience and his GOD; that the British Nation,
however eminent for genius and munificence, could not devise any
posthumous honours, or raise any monument, truly worthy of HOWARD,
except in adopting and accomplishing those benevolent projects which his
philanthropy and experience had recommended to public attention for the
benefit of mankind."

I readily admitted the singular and unquestionable modesty of the
deceased.--I allowed that the noblest tribute of respect, which the
world could render to so pure a spirit, would be to realize his ideas;
but I contended, that other honours are still due to his name; that it
is the duty and the interest of mankind to commemorate his character
with the fondest veneration. I reminded my companion, that although we
were sincerely convinced that no human mind, engaged in great designs,
could be more truly modest than that of HOWARD; yet we had particular
reason to recollect, that he was not insensible to praise. He had once
imparted to us his feelings on that subject with a frank and tender
simplicity, highly graceful in an upright and magnanimous being,
conscious of no sentiment that he could wish to conceal. Indeed, a
sincere and ardent passion for virtue could hardly subsist with a
disdain of true glory, which is nothing more than the proper testimony
of intelligent and honed admiration to the existence of merit: nor is it
reasonable to suppose that the fondest expressions of remembrance from a
world, which he has served and enlightened, can be displeasing to the
spirit of "a just man made perfect;" since we are taught by Religion,
that the gratitude of mankind is acceptable even to GOD. I endeavoured
to convince my companion, that, as the Publick had seen in HOWARD a
person who reflected more genuine honour on our country than any of her
Philosophers, her Poets, her Orators, her Heroes, or Divines, it is
incumbent on the Nation to consult her own glory by commemorating, in
the fullest manner, his beneficent exertions, and by establishing the
dignity of his unrivaled virtue.

My arguments, and my zeal, made some impression on the mind of my
antagonist; and sunk so deeply into my own, that on my retiring to rest
they gave rise to the following vision.

I was suddenly transported to the confines of a region, which astonished
me by its loveliness and extent; it was called, The Paradise of true
Glory. As I approached the entrance, my eyes were delightfully
fascinated by two beings of human form, who presided over the portal.
Their names were Genius and Sensibility:--it was their office to gratify
with a view of this Paradise every mortal that revered them sincerely;
and to reject only such intruders as presumed to treat either the one or
the other with the insolence of disdain, or the coldness of contempt: an
incident that I should have thought impossible, from the transcendent
beauty which is visible in each; but, to my surprize, they informed me
it very frequently happened.

As I readily paid them the unsuspected homage of my soul, I was
graciously permitted to pass the gate.--Immediately as I entered, I was
saluted with a seraphic smile, by two benignant and inseparable Spirits:
these were Gratitude and Admiration, the joint rulers of the
dominion--"You are welcome," said the first, in a tone of angelic
tenderness--"You are welcome to a scene utterly new to your senses, and
in harmony with your heart: you delight in the praises of the deserving:
and you are now wafted to a spot, where those who have merited highly of
mankind are praised in proportion to their desert, and where the praise
of exalted merit is fondly listened to by an extensive human audience,
here purified by our supernatural agency from all the low and little
jealousies of the earth."

I had hardly answered this pleasing information by a grateful obeisance
to my radiant informer, when I perceived, in a gorgeous prospect that
now opened before us, three structures of stupendous size and superior
magnificence. The first was situated in a grove of olives, and appeared
to me like an ancient temple of Attica, remarkable for massive strength,
and a sober dignity--the second was less solid, but richer in
decoration; and seemed to be almost surrounded by every tree and plant
on which Nature has bestowed any salutary virtue: the third was shaded
only by palms; the form of it was so wonderfully grand and aweful, that
it struck me as a sanctuary for every pure and devout spirit from all
the nations of the globe.

"These structures, that you survey with astonishment," said one of my
benevolent conductors, "are devoted to what you mortals denominate the
three liberal professions, Law, Medicine, and Theology. Whoever has a
claim to distinguished honour from any one of the three, has a just
encomium pronounced upon his services by the temporary President of that
particular fabrick, in which he is entitled to such grateful
remembrance." "Alas!" I replied, with a murmur that I could not
suppress, "the Man whose well-deserved praises I most anxiously expected
to hear in this region, belonged not to any one of these eminent classes
in human life--he had no profession but that of Humanity."

"Be patient," said the sweetest of my aetherial guides, with a rebuke
that was softened by a smile of indulgence! "Let not your zeal for the
honour of an individual, however meritorious, make you unjust, or
insensible, to the merit of others! Assume the temper of this region,
where praise is distributed by equity and affection, but where prejudice
and partiality are not allowed to intrude!--Let us advance," continued
my monitor, with an encouraging movement of her hand; "it is time that I
should lead you to the nearest assembly."

I obeyed with reverential silence; and as I passed the vestibule of the
majestic edifice, my heart panted with an aweful expectation of
beholding the shades of Solon, Lycurgus, and other departed Legislators,
from the various nations of the world. I was chearfully surprized by a
very different spectacle.

The capacious structure was filled with a concourse of living mortals,
lively, yet respectable in their appearance, evidently belonging to
many countries; but all, as I perceived by their habits, connected with
the Law. Throughout all the multitude I heard no sound of dissention or
debate: but over all there reigned an air of intelligence and sympathy,
while all were hushed in silent expectance, and eager attention, with
their eyes directed to an elevated tribunal:--On this a personage was
sitting, whose majestic figure I immediately recollected. His
countenance is marked with that austerity and grandeur, which are the
external characteristicks of Law herself. His heart, as those who know
it ultimately declare, expresses the tender and beneficent influence of
that Power, who is the acknowledged parent of security and comfort. With
a voice that pervaded the most distant recesses of the extensive dome,
and in tones that sunk deep into the bosom of every auditor, he
pronounced the following oration:

"After passing many years of life in the painful investigation of human
offences, it is with peculiar satisfaction that I find myself
commissioned to commemorate, in this Assembly, a character of virtue
without example--a character, at once so meek and so sublime, that, if a
feeling spirit had been poisoned with misanthropy from too close a
contemplation of mortal crimes, this character alone might serve as an
antidote to the word of mental distempers, and awaken the most callous
and sarcastic mind to confess the dignity of our Nature, and the
beneficence of our God. In stating to you the merits of HOWARD, I might
expatiate with delight on the various qualities of this incomparable
man; I might trace his progress through the different periods of a life
always singular and always instructive. I could not be checked by any
fear of overstepping the modesty of Truth in the celebration of Virtue,
so solid and so extensive, that the malevolence of Envy could not
diminish its weight, the fondness of Enthusiasm could not amplify its
effects. But I must not forget that there are professional limits to my
discourse. It is incumbent on me to confine myself to a single object,
and to dwell only on those public services, that peculiarly endear the
name of Howard to the liberal and enlightened community in which I have
the honour to preside.

"It was in the capacity of a Minister to Justice, that the pure spirit,
whom it is my glory to praise, first conceived the idea of those
unrivaled labours that have rendered his memory a treasure to mankind.
In discharging a temporary office, that exposed to him the condition of
criminals, he was led to meditate on the evils which had grievously
contaminated the operations of Justice. He perceived that Law herself,
like one of her most illustrious Delegates (I mean the immortal Bacon),
was grossly injured by the secret and sordid enormities of her menial
servants: that Captivity and Coercion, those necessary supporters of her
power, instead of producing good, often gave birth to mischiefs more
flagrant, and more fatal, than those which they were employed to
correct. He found, even in the prisons of his own humane and enlightened
country, an accumulation of the most hideous abuses: he found them not
nurseries of penitence and amendment, but schools of vice and impiety;
or dens of filth, famine, and disease: not the seats of just and
salutary correction and punishment, but the strong holds of cruelty and
extortion. The irons of the prisoner, which he only beheld, entered into
his soul, and awakened unextinguishable energy in a spirit, of which
companion and fortitude were the divine characteristicks. In the noble
emotions of pity for the oppressed, and of zeal for the honour and
interest of civilized society, he conceived perhaps the sublimest design
that ever occupied and exalted the mind of man, the design to search and
to purify the polluted stream of Penal Justice, not only throughout his
own country, but through the various nations of the world. How low, how
little, are the grandest enterprizes of Heroic Ambition, when compared
with this magnanimous pursuit! How frivolous and vain are the highest
aims of Fancy and Science, when contrasted with a purpose so
beneficently great! But, marvellous as the magnitude of HOWARD'S
enterprise appears, on the slightest view that magnitude becomes doubly
striking, when we contemplate at the same time the many circumstances
that might either allure or deter him from the prosecution of his idea.
Consider him as a private gentleman, possessed of ease and independence,
accustomed to employ and amuse his mind in retired study and
philosophical speculation; arrived at that period of life, when the
springs of activity and enterprize in the human frame have begun to
lose their force! consider that his health, even in youth, had appeared
unequal to common fatigue! his stature low! his deportment humble! his
voice almost effeminate! Such was the wonderful being, who relinquished
the retirement, the tranquillity, the comforts, that he loved and
enjoyed, to embark in labours at which the most hardy might tremble; to
plunge in perils from which the most resolute might recede without a
diminution of honour. Under all these apparent disadvantages,
unsummoned, unauthorized by any Prince, unexcited by any popular
invitation, he resolved to investigate all the abuses of imprisonment;
to visit the abodes of wretchedness and infection; and to prove himself
the friend of the friendless, in every country that the limits of his
advanced life would allow him to examine. Against such an enterprize,
projected by such an individual, what forcible arguments might be urged,
not only by every selfish passion, but even by that prudence, and that
reason, which are allowed to regulate an elevated mind! How plausibly
did Friendship exclaim to Howard, 'Your projects are unquestionably
noble; but they are above the execution of any individual: you are
unarmed with authority; you have the wish to do great good, but the
power of doing little! Consider the probable issue of the
undertaking!--You will see a few hapless wretches, and tell their
condition to the inattentive world; perhaps perish yourself from
contagion, before you have time to tell it; and leave your afflicted
friends to lament your untimely fate, and the ungrateful Publick to
deride your temerity!' What force of intellect, what dignity of soul
were required to prevent a mortal from yielding to remonstrances so
engaging! The divine energy of Genius and of Virtue enabled HOWARD to
foresee, that the sanctity of his pursuit would supply him with strength
and powers far superior to all human authority:--His piercing mind
comprehended that there are enormities of such a nature, that to survey
and to reveal them is to effect their correction.--He felt that his
sincere compassion for the oppressed, and his ardent desire to promote
perfect justice, would serve him as a perpetual antidote against the
poison of fear.--He felt that in the darkness of dungeons he should want
no associates, no guards to defend him against the outrages of detected
extortion, or suspicious brutality.--He felt, that as his purpose was
heavenly, the powers of Heaven would be displayed in his support; that
iniquity and oppression would not dare to lift a hand against him,
though they knew it was the business of his life to annihilate their
sway in their most secret dominion. How admirably did the progress of
his travels evince and justify the pure and enlightened confidence of
his spirit! All dangers, all difficulties, vanish before his gentleness,
his regularity, his perseverance. Insolence and ferocity seem to turn,
at his approach, into docility and respect. Every hardship he endures,
every step he advances, in his wide and laborious career of Beneficence,
instead of impairing his strength, invigorates his frame; instead of
diminishing his influence, increases the utility of his conduct, by
making the world acquainted with the sanctity of his character. Witness,
ye various regions of the earth! with what surprize, delight, and
veneration, ye beheld an unarmed, and unassuming traveller instructing
you in the sublime science of mitigating human misery, and giving you a
matchless example of tenderness and magnanimity! O, England! thou
generous country! ever enamoured of glory, contemplate in this, the most
perfect of thy illustrious sons; contemplate those virtues, and that
honour, in which thy parental spirit may most happily exult!--What
spectacle can be more flattering to thy native, thy honest pride, than
to behold the proudest potentates of distant nations listening with
pleasure to a private Englishman; and learning, from his researches, how
to relieve the most injured of their subjects! how to abolish the
enormities of perverted Justice! To form a complete account of the good
arising to the world from the life and labours of Howard, would be a
task beyond the limits of any human mind: an exact statement of the
benefits he has conferred upon society, could be rendered only by the
attendant Spirit whom Providence commissioned to watch over him, and who
might discern, by the powers of supernatural vision, what pregnant
sources of public calamity he crushed in the seed, and what future
virtues, in various individuals, he may draw into the service of mankind
by the attraction of his example.

"Of good, more immediately visible, which his exertions produced, there
is abundant evidence in his own country. In the wide circle of his
foreign excursion, what nation, what city, does not bear some
conspicuous traces of his intrepid and indefatigable beneficence! Of the
astonishing length to which his zeal and perseverance extended, we have
the most ingenuous and satisfactory narration in those singularly
meritorious volumes which he has given to the world. In these we behold
the minute detail of labours to which there is nothing similar, or
second, in the history of public virtue; and for which there could be no
adequate reward but in the beatitude of Heaven. An eloquent Enthusiast,
whose genius was nearly allied to frenzy, has expressed a desire to
present himself before the tribunal of the Almighty Judge, with a
volume in his hand, in which he had recorded his own thoughts and
actions: if such an idea could be suitable to the littleness of man, if
it could become any mortal of faculties so limited to make such an
offering to the great Fountain of all intelligence, that mortal must
assuredly be Howard: for where could we find another individual, not
professedly inspired, who might present to his Maker a record of labours
so eminently directed by Piety and Virtue! a book, addressed to mankind,
without insulting their weakness, or flattering their passions! a book,
whose great object was to benefit the world, without seeking from it any
kind of reward! a book, in which the genuine modesty of the Writer is
equal to his unexampled beneficence! The mind of Howard was singularly
and sublimely free from the common and dangerous passion for applause:
that passion which, though taken altogether, it is certainly beneficial
to the interests of mankind, yet frequently communicates inquietude and
unsteadiness to the pursuits of Genius and Virtue. As human praise was
never the object of his ambition, so he has nobly soared above it. There
appear, in different ages upon the Earth, certain elevated spirits, who,
by the sublimity of their conceptions, and the magnanimity of their
conduct, attain a degree of glory which can never be reached by the
keenest followers of Fame--They seek not panegyricks; and panegyricks
can add nothing to their honour. The Eulogies have perished which were
devoted by the luxuriant genius of Tully, and by the laconic spirit of
Brutus, to the public virtue of Cato; yet the name of that illustrious
Roman is still powerful in the world, and excites in every cultivated
mind, an animating idea of independent integrity. The name of Howard has
superior force, and a happier effect. It is a sound, at which the
strings of humanity will vibrate with exultation in many millions of
hearts. Through the various nations that he visited, the mere echo of
his name will be sufficient to awaken that noblest sensibility, which at
once softens and elevates the soul. Every warm hearted and worthy
individual who mentions Howard will glow with an honest, a generous
satisfaction, in feeling himself the fellow-creature of such a man.
Wherever the elegant arts are established, they will contend in raising
memorials to his honour. Indeed, the globe itself may be considered as
his Mausoleum; and the inhabitants of every prison it contains, as
groups of living statues that commemorate his virtue. There is no class
of mankind by whom his memory ought not to be cherished, because all are
interested in those evils (so pernicious to society! so dangerous to
life!) which he was ever labouring to lessen or exterminate. It might be
wished, that different communities should separately devise some
different tribute of respect to him whose character and conduct is so
interesting to all: not for the sake of multiplying vain and useless
offerings to the dead, but to impress with more energy and extent his
ennobling remembrance on the heart and soul of the living. It is hardly
possible to present too frequently to the human mind the image of a man
who lived only to do good. I mean not merely such a resemblance of his
form as Art may execute with materials almost as perishable as the image
of human clay, but such an impression of his soul as may have a more
lasting influence on the life and conduct of his admirers, such as,
diffusing among them a portion of his spirit, may in some measure
perpetuate his existence.

"By this community, I am confident, such public honours will be paid to
HOWARD, as may be most suitable to the peculiar interest which it
becomes us to take in his glory. What these honours shall be is a point
to be settled by this liberal and enlightened Assembly, which assuredly
will not fail to remember that he suggested to Legal Authority her
omissions and defects with the modest and endearing tenderness of a
Friend; that he laboured in the service of Justice with that
intelligence, fortitude, and zeal, which her votaries cannot too warmly
admire, or too gratefully acknowledge."

The President arose as he thus ended his speech; and the members of the
Assembly seemed beginning to confer among themselves; but what debates
ensued, or what measure was adopted, I am unable to tell, as my
visionary Guides immediately hurried me to the adjoining Temple.

This second structure, though less extensive and less solid than the
first, was more attractive to the eye, as it abounded with scientifical
and diversified decorations. The Assembly consisted of men, who appeared
to me equally remarkable for keenness of intellect and elegance of
manners. The seat of pre eminence among them was filled by a person who
possessed in a very uncommon degree these two valuable qualities, so
happily conducive to medical utility and medical distinction. Though
left a young orphan, without patrimony, and obliged to struggle with
early disadvantages, he raised himself by meritorious exertion to the
head of a profession in which opulence is generally the just attendant
on knowledge and reputation. But neither opulence, nor his long
intercourse with sickness and death, have hardened the native tenderness
of his heart; and I had lately known him shed tears of regret on the
untimely fate of an amiable patient, whom his consummate skill and
attention were unable to save.

Thus strongly prepossessed in his favour, I was delighted to observe
that he was preparing to address the Assembly in the moment we entered.
My celestial Guides smiled on each other in perceiving my satisfaction;
and being placed by them instantaneously in a commodious situation, I
heard the following discourse; which the character I have described
delivered with an ease and refined acuteness peculiar to himself, never
raising his voice above the pitch of polite and spirited conversation:

"I am persuaded, that every individual to whom I have now the happiness
of speaking, will readily agree with me in this sentiment, that we
cannot possibly do ourselves more honour as a Fraternity than by
considering HOWARD as an Associate: assuredly, there is no class of men
who may more justly presume to cherish his name and character with a
fraternal affection. In proportion as we are accustomed to contemplate,
to pity, and to counteract, the sufferings of Nature, the more are we
enabled and inclined to estimate, to love, and to revere, a being so
compassionate and beneficent. If Physicians are, what I once heard them
called by a lively friend, the Soldiers of Humanity, engaged in a
perpetual, and too often, alas! unsuccessful conflict against the
enemies of life; HOWARD is not only entitled to high rank in our corps,
but he is the very Caesar of this hard, this perilous, and, let me add,
this most honourable warfare. Perhaps the ambition of the great Roman
Commander, insatiate and sanguinary as it was, did not contribute more
to the torment and destruction of the human race, than the charity of
the English Philanthropist has contributed to its relief and
preservation. Of this we are very certain, the splendid and
indefatigable Hero of Slaughter and Vain-glory did not traverse a more
extensive field, nor expose himself more courageously to personal
danger, than our meek and unostentatious Hero of Medical Benevolence. In
point of true magnanimity, I apprehend the spirit of Caesar would very
willingly confess, that his own celebrated attempts to reduce Gaul and
Britain were low and little achievements, when compared to the
unexampled efforts by which Howard endeavoured to exterminate or subdue
(those enemies more terrific) the Gaol Fever, and the Plague.

"But leaving it to more able and eloquent panegyrists to celebrate the
originality, the boldness, and all the various merit of his
philanthropic exertions, I shall confine myself to a few remarks, and
chiefly professional ones, on his invaluable character. It appears to me
highly worthy of observation, that Howard, before he entered on his
grand projects of Public Benevolence, was subject to those little, but
depressive variations of health which have betrayed many a
valetudinarian into habits of inaction and inutility. Happily for
himself, and for mankind, this excellent person surmounted a
constitutional bias to indolence and retirement. The consequence
sequence was, he became a singular example of activity and vigour. His
powers, and enjoyments of bodily and mental health, augmented in
proportion to the extensive utility of his pursuits.

"Beneficial as his life has been to the world, his memory may be still
more so. It may prove a perpetual blessing to mankind, if it dissipates,
as it ought to do, a weak and common prejudice, which often operates as
a palsy upon the first idea of a great and generous undertaking. The
prejudice I mean is a hasty persuasion, frequently found in the most
amiable minds, that some peculiar strength of nerve, some rare mechanism
of frame, and extraordinary assemblage of mental powers, are absolutely
requisite for the execution of any noble design. How greatly does it
redound to the true glory of Howard to have given in his successful
labours the fullest refutation of a prejudice, so inimical to the
interest and the honour of human-nature! a prejudice, by whose
influence, to use the words of our great Poet,

    "--The native hue of Resolution
    Is sicklied o'er with the pale cast of Fear,
    And enterprizes of great pith and moment,
    With this regard, their currents turn awry
    And lose the name of action."

"The life and character of Howard, if they are justly considered, may
not only annihilate this pernicious prejudice, but tend to establish an
opposite and consolatory truth. His example may shew us, that some
degrees of bodily weakness and mental depression may be most happily
cured by active exertion in the service of mankind. Perhaps there never
existed a more striking proof how far a noble impulse, communicated to
the mind by a project of extensive Benevolence, may invigorate a frame
not equal in health, strength, and stature, to the common standard of
men. It is a prudential maxim of the celebrated Raleigh, that 'Whosoever
will live altogether out of himself, and study other men's humours,
shall never be unfortunate;' a maxim, which the example of Howard might
almost teach us to convert into a medical aphorism by saying, 'Whosoever
will live altogether out of himself, and consult other men's wants, and
calamities, shall never be unhealthy.' It is delightful to those, who
detest the debasing tenets of a selfish philosophy, to see the happy
influence of opposite ideas; to observe (what Physicians have frequent
opportunities of observing), that as a selfish turn of mind often
attracts and encreases the malignity of sickness, so an unselfish, a
compassionate spirit has a natural tendency to escape or subdue it. What
can be more pleasing to those, who assert and esteem the dignity of
human-nature, than to see, that the having lost all thoughts of self,
and having acted in direct opposition to selfish principles, has
promoted even the personal advantage of a generous individual? From such
a series of philanthropic labour and peril, as a selfish and timid mind
might esteem it frenzy to encounter, Howard derived not only his
unrivalled and immortal reputation, but the perfect restoration of
enfeebled health; not to mention those high gratifications of the heart
and conscience, which are superior to all the enjoyments both of health
and glory. With such temperance in diet, that his daily food would
appear to most people not sufficient to support the common functions of
life, he chearfully sustained the hardships of long travel, through
regions where travelling is most difficult and dangerous. With a figure,
voice, and deportment, that seemed to preclude him from all personal
influence and authority; and with no mental acquisitions, except those
which are common to every cultivated mind, he secured to himself not
only universal admiration, but, I may venture to say, the just and moral
idolatry of the world. So invigorating are projects of extensive
Beneficence! so powerful is the energy of Public Virtue!

"Never, indeed, was the astonishing influence of plain and simple
goodness more strikingly displayed, than in the deference and respect
which this private and meek individual received, not only from foreign
and imperious Rulers of the Earth, but from hardened and atrocious
wretches, on whom Justice herself could hardly make any mental
impression, though armed with all the splendour, and all the violence of
power. Two particular examples of the influence I am speaking of, I
shall mention here, not only as honourable to the prime object of our
regard, but as they may suggest to contemplative minds some useful
ideas, by shewing how far the mere weight of an upright and benevolent
character alone may give to the most callous nerves a trembling
sensibility, and awaken the most ferocious spirit to self-correction.

"When our indefatigable Visitor of prisons was in Russia, he beheld, in
public, the punishment of the knoot severely administered by a strong
and stern executioner.

"On the following day he waited on this man, to request from him various
information. The executioner attended him obsequiously; but this
athletic savage, though trained to acts of cruelty, and conscious he had
a legal sanction for the barbarous violence he had exerted, could not
behold without shuddering the meek and gentle Missionary of Compassion.

"The second and more memorable example of his singular influence
occurred in a prison of his own country, and relates to an outrageous
female delinquent. A corrupt and ferocious woman is, perhaps, the most
intractable fiend that human benevolence can attempt to reform; but even
this difficulty the mild and powerful character of HOWARD
accomplished.

"In one of our Western gaols, he found an unhappy female loaded with
heavy irons: on his appearance she entreated him to obtain for her the
removal of these galling fetters. Upon enquiry, he found that many
endeavours had been made to keep this turbulent offender in proper
subjection without the severity of chains; but, after repeated promises
of amendment on milder treatment, she had obliged the keeper to have
recourse to this extreme by relapsing into the most flagrant and
insufferable contempt of decency and order. Upon this information,
HOWARD said mildly to the unhappy criminal, 'I wish to relieve you, but
you put it out of my power; for I should lose all the little credit I
have, if I exerted it for offenders so hardened and so turbulent.' 'I
know,' replied the intractable delinquent, 'I know that I have a proud
and rebellious spirit; but if I give a promise to so good a man as you
are, I can and I will command it.' On this firm assurance of
reformation, the benevolent HOWARD became a kind of surety for her
future peaceable conduct on the removal of her irons; and he had the
inexpressible delight to find, on his next visit to the prisoners of
this gaol, that the outrageous and ungovernable culprit, for whom he had
ventured to answer, was become the most orderly among them.

"I could wish, for the moral interest of mankind, that it were possible
to obtain a minute account of the services rendered to the calamitous
spirit of many a forsaken individual by the singular charity of HOWARD.
What could be more instructive than to observe how his Beneficence
encreased by its exertion and success; while his desire of befriending
the wretched became, as it were, the vital spirit that gave strength and
duration to his own existence!

"If we contemplate with pleasure the singular re-establishment of bodily
health, which HOWARD derived from his active philanthropy; it may be
still more pleasing to recollect, that it also afforded him an
efficacious medicine for an afflicted mind. Perhaps it was to shew the
full efficacy of this virtue in all its lustre, that Heaven allotted to
this excellent personage a domestic calamity, which appears (to borrow
an expression from a great writer) 'of an unconscionable size to human
strength.'

"That capricious and detestable spirit of Detraction, which on Earth
never fails to persecute superior Virtue, has not scrupled to assert
that the affliction, to which I allude, was the mere consequence of
paternal austerity. The Earth itself, though frequently accused of being
eager to receive ideas that may abase the eminent, could hardly admit a
calumny so groundless and irrational. In this purer spot it is utterly
needless to prove the innocence of an exalted being, to whom we are only
solicitous to pay that sincere tribute of praise and veneration which we
are conscious he deserves. In truth, this admirable Character seemed to
illustrate the philosophical maxim, that mildness is the proper
companion of true magnanimity. He had a gentleness of manners, that was
peculiar to himself; and, instead of possessing such imperious severity
of spirit as might produce the calamity I allude to, he was really
endued with such native tenderness of heart as must have sunk under it,
had he not found in the unexampled services that he rendered to the
world, an antidote to the poison of domestic infelicity. It is among the
most gracious ordinances of Providence, that man is sure to find the
most powerful relief for his own particular afflictions, in his
endeavours to alleviate the sufferings of others. And permit me to add,
it is this beneficent law of our nature, that gives a peculiar charm
and dignity to the Medical Profession; a profession singularly endeared
to the affectionate HOWARD! not only as its compassionate and active
spirit was the guide of his pursuits, but as one of its prime ornaments
was his favourite associate and his bosom-friend. If different classes
of men are to vie with each other, as it may certainly become them to
do, in rendering various honours to this their matchless Benefactor; I
hope we shall display, with the most affectionate spirit, the deep
interest that we ought to take in his glory. I think it very desirable
that every Physician should possess a Medal of HOWARD, not only to shew
his veneration for the great Philanthropist, but to derive personal
advantage from such a mental Amulet, if I may hazard the expression.
Most of us, in the exercise of Medicine, feel at particular moments that
our spirits are too sensibly affected by the objects we survey; that
scenes of misery and infection depress and alarm: at such a time how
might it rekindle the energy of our minds to contemplate a little effigy
of HOWARD! to recollect, that all the trouble and danger that we
encounter, in the practice of a lucrative profession, are trifling in
the extreme, when compared to the labour and the peril, which this
wonderful man most willingly took upon himself, without looking forward
to any reward but the approbation of Heaven!

"I mention not a Medal as a new idea--it has been already in
contemplation; and a motto for it suggested, which applies with such
singular force and propriety to the person whom it is designed to
commemorate, that perhaps the wide range of classical literature could
not afford another passage so strikingly apposite to a character so
extraordinary--

    "Stupuere patres tentamina tanta,
    Conatusque tuos: pro te Reus ipse timebat."--

"I must confess, however, that I wish for another, which may seem to
bind him more closely to us in a medical point of view. But it is time
to leave the different members of our Fraternity at full liberty to
propose any marks of distinction that they wish to suggest.--It is
sufficient for me to have reminded you of a truth, which I am confident
we all equally feel, that, while we justly consider ourselves as
students in the extensive school of Humanity, it becomes us to look up
to HOWARD, with a laudable veneration, as the Prince and Patron of our
Order."

On the conclusion of this discourse, my Guides immediately conducted me,
with their former celerity and kindness, to the only remaining
Structure. It was the most extensive, and, from the hallowed majesty of
its appearance, the most admirable of the three. In approaching it, I
paused a moment in aweful surprise at the solemnity of the fabrick: the
most lovely and communicative of my two aetherial conductors smiled upon
me, and said, "You will find here Ministers of GOD from every Christian
country; but only those who consider Evangelical Charity as the essence
of true Religion, and who are disposed to honour, in the favourite
object of your veneration, the most signal example of that virtue, which
the present age has beheld." "I hope then," I eagerly replied, "I shall
have the delight of hearing, on this occasion, the most eloquent of our
English Bishops." On this exclamation, my kind informer regarded me with
that lively and soothing air with which intelligent Benevolence corrects
mistaken simplicity, and thus continued to instruct me with united
vivacity and tenderness.

"Earthly distinctions, you know, are of little moment in the sight of
Heaven. You will hear no Prelate; and perhaps you may feel surprised and
indignant, when you observe how very few of your Mitred Countrymen are
to be seen in this Assembly; but you will not retain in this hallowed
spot that most common of human infirmities, a tendency to censure or to
suspicion. You will recollect that this Convocation contains only those
charitable men, who are peculiarly disposed to honour your recent model
of this Christian virtue. Other good men may exist, who, from motives of
innocent mistake, or of mere inadvertency, may fail to exhibit that
animated regard to his exemplary character, which assuredly it has
merited from all men, and which the Ministers of Religion may most
properly display.

"One of these," continued my Director, "you are now going to hear; not,
indeed, a Dignitary of your Church, yet a Divine of Talents, Learning,
and Charity. He was led, by a laudable warmth of heart, to suggest to
your Country the first idea of paying a public tribute of veneration to
the signal virtue of Howard; and has acquired from this circumstance a
title to commemorate here the merit, to which he was eager to render
such early justice on earth. But it is time for us to attend him."

We immediately entered the temple; and I beheld an Ecclesiastic rising
at that moment to address a very numerous Assembly of his order, that
seemed to contain Christians of every sect, and Ministers of every
degree. The person preparing to speak was distinguished by a majestic
comeliness of person, though he appeared to have passed the middle age
of life; and with a powerful elocution he delivered the following
discourse.

"The Righteous are bold as a Lion."

Proverbs, chap, xxviii, ver. i.

"In these few words, my brethren, we have a passage of Scripture, that
served as a favourite maxim, or leading truth, to the admirable
personage whose glorious qualities it is now both my duty and my delight
to recall to your remembrance. The words, indeed, are so consonant to
that exalted spirit which his life displayed, that they almost appear to
me an epitome of his character. Let us consider Courage as one of his
principal endowments! To contemplate so pure and resolute a being in
this point of view, may lead us to form just ideas on the true nature of
this primary virtue, on the sacred source from whence it should proceed,
and the sublime end to which it should aspire. How large a portion of
folly, vice, and wickedness, have arisen from mere mistakes concerning
this most important of human qualities! so important, that the real
dignity of man can only rise in proportion as this virtue is perfectly
understood, and properly cherished! In the same proportion, let me add,
our courageous Philanthropist will be found entitled to the praise of
every upright mind, to the homage of every feeling heart.

"If we take the word Courage" in the most common and simple sense of
that term, as a generous and noble contempt of personal hardship and
danger; who has given more numerous or more striking examples of such
brave contempt! Or if we follow the definition of Courage given us by a
profound, an eloquent, and philanthropic Writer, namely, that it is a
just estimate of our own powers; who is there among the most signal
Benefactors of mankind, not professedly inspired, that ever formed an
estimate of what he might achieve in the most glorious field of
enterprize, at once so difficult, and so true, so humble, and so grand.

"With every apparent disadvantage, Howard conceived it possible that his
endeavours might correct the abuses, and mitigate the sufferings of men,
in various nations of the world. Whence happened it, that a mortal, so
visibly weak and gentle, shrunk not from an idea so pregnant with
difficulty and peril! It was because, 'The Righteous are bold as a
Lion.' It was because he felt the strongest internal conviction of this
animating truth, that, while Heaven blesses a man with health sufficient
to pursue a benevolent and magnanimous design, the vigour of his mind,
and most probably his powers of doing good, will be proportioned to the
firmness of his faith, and the sincerity of his virtue.

"Many achievements of beneficent Courage have undoubtedly been
accomplished by men influenced by no motive but that generous love of
glory which is so frequently the predominant passion of an active and
ardent mind: but the virtues that arise from this source are as
unsteady, and as precarious, as the reward they pursue. He who acts
only as a candidate for the applause of mankind, will find his spirit
vary with all the variations in the ever-changing atmosphere of popular
opinion. He will be subject to hot and cold fits of action and
inactivity, of confidence and distrust, in proportion as the illusive
vapour, that he follows, may either sparkle or fade before him. Hence
proceeded much of that inconsistency and weakness, which appear in some
of the most enlightened, and exalted characters of the Pagan
world.--Wanting a purer light from Heaven, the most radiant spirits of
antiquity were bewildered; one in particular, the mildest and most
undaunted of antient Worthies, who had a sufficient portion of heroic
philanthropy to prefer the benefit of mankind to every selfish
consideration, had yet his hours of diffidence and despondency. On a
final review of his own generous labours, he is supposed to have
questioned the very existence of Virtue, though he had made it the idol
of his life; a striking proof, that the temperate and invariable energy
of soul, which alone perhaps deserves the name of true Courage, can only
proceed from a fuller knowledge and love of GOD; from the animating
assurance, that, however we may prosper or fail in the earthly success
of our endeavours to do good, the merit of the attempt is registered in
Heaven; and we secure to ourselves the everlasting approbation of our
Almighty Parent, in proportion as we approach towards that blessed model
of Perfect Benevolence, who has taught us, by his divine example, to
compassionate and to relieve the sufferings of the wretched. From this
source flowed the courageous beneficence of HOWARD: and how delightful
it is to observe that the force, the extent, the utility, and the lustre
of the stream, has gloriously corresponded to the height and purity of
the fountain!

"The Sensualist and the Sceptic may, indeed, deride the conduct of a
man, who sacrificed all the common pleasures of life, and sought for no
recompence but in the favour of Heaven. It may be said that an illusive
fervor of mind has hurried men, in all periods of the world, into
singular and wild exertions, which excite the wonder of the passing
hour, and are afterwards either deservedly forgotten, or only recalled
to notice by Reason and Philosophy, to caution the restless and
impetuous spirit of man against all similar excesses.

"But the pursuits of Howard, though they had all that sublime energy
which so often distinguished the projects of Superstition, were so far
from being influenced by any superstitious propensity, that perhaps they
cannot appear to more advantage than by being brought into comparison,
or contrast, not with the sluggish piety of sequestered Monks, but with
the bold and splendid feats of the most active and enterprising
Fanaticism. Allow me, therefore, to recall to your thoughts those
distant ages, when every ardent spirit in Christendom was inflamed with
a passionate desire to deliver the Christian pilgrims of Palestine from
the oppression of Infidels! Figure to yourselves the whole force of
Europe collecting its violence, like a troubled sea, and preparing to
pour a terrific and destructive inundation over the Holy Land! Behold
the strong and the weak, the ambitious and the humble, pursuing the same
object! Behold assembled Kings and their People, Soldiers and Priests,
the servants of Earth and Heaven rushing, with equal ardour, to rescue
the Sepulchre of Christ, and to drown all the innumerable enemies of
their Faith in an universal deluge of blood! In this scene we have the
sublimest spectacle, perhaps, that was ever exhibited by mistaken piety
and misguided valour. The love of God, by which this heroic multitude
was professedly impelled, was probably in many minds as sincere as it
was ardent. The religious spirit of their enterprize can still animate
and transport us in the song of the Poet: and in the more rational page
of History, while we justly lament the errors of their devotion, we
admire the force and perseverance of their courage.

"To the sublime fortitude of these collected warriors, let us compare
the mild magnanimity of HOWARD. Let us survey him setting forth for an
expedition as perilous as theirs; not as the Soldier of Fanaticism, but
as the Pilgrim of Humanity! Attachment to GOD, and resolution which no
hardship, no danger, no difficulty can daunt, are equally conspicuous in
the sanguinary Fanatic and the compassionate Philanthropist: but how
widely different are the prime earthly objects of their pursuits! The
fierce Crusaders invaded Asia with a desire to exterminate the Infidels.
The benevolent HOWARD was led into the same quarter of the globe, and
into perils more deadly than those of war, by a wish to exterminate, or
rather to restrain, the ravages of that terrific enemy to human life,
the Plague.

"He had conceived an idea, that, as this most alarming of mortal
maladies has been often strangely neglected by the sluggish and
superstitious inhabitants of the East, it might be possible by a calm
and courageous examination of its nature and its progress, to set limits
to its rage; and particularly to secure his own country from a future
visitation of a calamity, against which the fearless and eager spirit of
Commerce appears not to have established a sufficient precaution. For
the prospect of accomplishing public good, so devoutly to be wished, he
nobly thought it a trifling sacrifice to hazard the little remnant of
his advanced life; and, however men or nations may differ in policy or
religion, whereever there is a human spirit sufficiently pure and
enlightened to estimate public virtue, the sentiments and the conduct of
HOWARD must secure to his memory the fondest veneration. There is a
perfection and felicity in his character that appears supremely laudable
in every point of view. If, abstracted from all religious
considerations, we regard him only as a citizen who devoted himself to
the service of his country, the brightest records of Antiquity afford us
no parallel to his merit. Had he lived in those early times, the
generous enthusiasm of the antient world would have idolized his name.
Philosophy and Genius would have found, in his benevolent labours, the
most ample theme for instruction, and the purest subject for universal
panegyrick. They would have celebrated him as a benefactor to mankind,
who had built a new portico to the Temple of Glory superior to the dome
itself. They would have preferred the beneficent Philanthropist to the
dazzling Conqueror, to the fascinating Demagogue, to the attractive
Sophist; and all the various idols of public praise. But as Antiquity
exhibits no character of such unclouded lustre, we have great reason to
conclude, that such a character could owe its existence only to the pure
and sublime spirit of our Christian Faith. Let us, therefore,
contemplate HOWARD as a Christian! it is by considering him in this
light, that we shall feel ourselves most happily related to his virtues,
and most delightfully interested in the honours they receive.

"In the poor and calamitous objects of his regard, in the gentleness
and purity of his manners, in his modest and magnanimous refusal of
earthly honours, in the wide extent and courageous perseverance of his
charity, we cannot fail to discern how richly he was endowed with the
genuine spirit of that pure and sublime Religion which has the divine
prerogative of converting weakness into strength, and of giving to
Humility the influence of Power. There is not a feature in the
character, there is hardly an action in the life of this exemplary
personage, that does not mark him as a true servant of CHRIST. And may
we not presume the blessed Author of our faith, in supplying us in these
dissolute times with a recent example of such astonishing and unlimited
beneficence, is graciously pleased to afford us a new motive to prize
and to cherish that animating faith, which could form, in an age like
the present, a character so wonderfully entitled to the veneration of
the world? The spirit of Christianity is so visible in the conduct of
HOWARD, that the prime objects of his attention might be thought to have
been suggested to him by the very words in which our blessed Lord
announces to the heirs of eternal glory the source of their
beatitude--'Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared
for you from the foundation of the world; for I was an hungry, and ye
gave me meat; I was thirsty, and ye gave me drink; I was a stranger, and
ye took me in; naked, and ye cloathed me; I was sick, and ye visited me;
I was in prison, and ye came unto me.'

"Is it possible for us, my Brethren, to recall to our memory these holy
words without feeling at the same time, in the most forcible degree, all
the Christian merits of HOWARD? Can we fail to admire and to venerate
the unexampled ardour, purity, and perseverance, with which he exercised
the peculiar virtue so distinguished by our Lord?--While we behold him
sublimely pre-eminent in this Christian perfection, shall we not cherish
the delightful idea, that his heavenly rewards will be finally adequate
to his unrivaled labours on earth? Shall not those who have loved him
exult in the persuasion, that in that great and aweful day, when the
living and the dead are to receive their everlasting doom; when the
princes and the great ones of the earth may be confronted with those
whom they have persecuted and oppressed, or whom they have failed to
relieve; when the proudest Sons of Learning, Genius, or Wit, may shrink
at the superior lustre of those whom they have ridiculed and reviled;
HOWARD will shine encircled by thousands, who will gratefully plead for
his beatitude in those blessed words of our Redeemer, 'I was in prison,
and he came unto me!'

"Yes, my Brethren, the day will assuredly come, when the servant so
signally faithful will be called to a reward, surpassing the utmost
reach of our conception, by the voice of his Righteous Master--then, and
then only, will praise be fully proportioned to his transcendant merit;
when this consummate Christian is raised to glory by the glorified
Messiah, when his pure spirit exults in the commendation of his GOD.

"The imperfect efforts, that mankind may make to do honour to such a
Being, cannot, indeed, so much promote his glory, as they may conduce to
the interest of human nature. Subject as it has been to the wildest
excesses, human panegyric, in all its shapes, may be safely devoted to a
personage, whom it is hardly possible to praise with sincerity, without
feeling our disposition improved. In a beneficent, a sublime, and truly
religious character, there is a sort of magnetic virtue, which to those
who are affectionately drawn towards it, though only in idea,
communicates a portion of itself. Hence arises, what we cannot too
fondly cherish, the delight and the utility of commemorating departed
worth. If its title to commemoration be justly proportioned to its
magnitude, its singularity, and extent; not only various individuals,
but different Nations, will become rivals in promoting the fame of
HOWARD. As the glorious qualities, which his life displayed, are equally
open to the emulation of the great and the humble; every class of human
creatures is peculiarly interested in his praise. If to honour his
memory may be thought to belong to any one community more than to
another; surely, my Brethren, we shall not fail to assume to ourselves
so pleasing a duty, so honourable a distinction. Well, indeed, might the
insulting enemies of our Faith reproach us with a supine and disgraceful
inattention to the real interest of Virtue, and the true glory of
Religion, could we suffer any other order of men to surpass the
Ministers of CHRIST in a meritorious zeal to honour this faithful
servant of Heaven, whose life exhibits a lesson more instructive and
sublime than all the eloquence of the Pulpit! a Christian, who has shewn
us, in the most signal manner, how practicable it is to follow, in
succouring the distrest, not only the precepts, but the example of our
GOD."

In the moment that this benevolent Divine concluded his address to his
attentive brethren, my kind and vigilant Guides removed me from the
temple.--I was now led into a scene entirely different from those we
left. It was an open and verdant plain, with a few elevations in the
ground, that afforded advantageous views of the whole extensive spot.
Here, instead of beholding the Ministers of Peace, I found myself
encircled by the multitudinous votaries of War. It appeared to me that
all the military and all the naval servants of our country were
collected together, and each different division of these well-appointed
and well-looking men, that formed a pleasing spectacle alone, was
attended by a crowd of miscellaneous spectators, more numerous than
itself: yet in all this immense multitude there was no sign of tumult or
confusion. They were ranged in such a manner as to form a wide circular
area in the midst of them. I was stationed on a little eminence within
this area; and in the same vacant space I beheld a party of veteran
Commanders, both Military and Naval, who seemed to have been conferring
together, but separated by the direction of my aetherial Conductors, to
address, in different parts of this extensive field, the different
companies assigned to their care. What they respectively said in their
separate departments I was unable to discover, as I only heard
distinctly one gallant Veteran, whose character was particularly dear to
me. This consummate officer has raised himself by merit alone from the
humblest rank of military life to a station of the highest honour and
trust. His modesty is as singular as his fortune: passing close to me,
with a gracious salutation, he approached a very fine orderly corps of
foot, who looked up to him with a sort of filial respect, while he spoke
to them the few following words:

"As bravery and compassion are the characteristics of good Soldiers, you
cannot want, my friends, any long exhortation from me to honour the
memory of HOWARD; the most resolute and the most compassionate man that
has lived in our time. Though he was not of our profession, as his life
was devoted to mitigate the united horrors of captivity and sickness,
those worst of enemies to the spirit of a soldier, you will undoubtedly
feel that he has a peculiar claim to our most grateful and generous
regard."

This speech was followed by a burst of acclamation from those to whom it
was particularly addressed. Similar shouts of applause resounded from
different quarters of the spacious field, while our aetherial
attendants, Gratitude and Admiration, who followed each speaker at the
close of each address to different divisions of this innumerable
assembly, displayed, to each division in its turn, an extensive sketch
of a simple but magnificent mausoleum to the memory of Howard, in the
form of an English lazaretto. On the first display of this striking and
worthy monument, the applauding multitude seemed to exult in the
prospect of its completion. But I soon observed, to my inexpressible
concern, that while Gratitude and Admiration were busy in exciting the
various ranks of the vast assembly, to accomplish this favourite design,
they were followed by two earthy fiends of a dark and malignant
influence: these were Detraction and Indifference, who shed such a chill
and depressive mist around them, that all the ardour of the Assembly
seemed to sink. Among the miscellaneous crowds that were visible between
the divisions of the martial host, there ran a murmur of obloquy and
derision against the pure object of public veneration. He was reviled as
a whimsical Reformer, and a rash Enthusiast, who had absurdly
sacrificed his life in a vain and fantastic pursuit. This base spirit of
calumnious malignity was not communicated to any one division of the
martial multitude; but the universal zeal for the glory of HOWARD seemed
to be almost annihilated; even Gratitude and Admiration appeared to grow
faint in their darling purpose. During their languor, they suffered
their sketch of the Mausoleum to be gradually stolen from their hands,
and to drop upon the ground. At this moment a sudden and violent
earthquake was felt through all the extensive scene. The centre of the
vacant area opened--it threw forth a phantom terrific and enormous--its
magnitude seemed to grow upon the sight; its lineaments were shrouded
from our view by an immense mantle, on which were represented a
thousand different and hideous images of Death. Its name was
Contagion--it rushed forward with an indescribable movement. Dismay and
confusion overwhelmed all that quarter of the crowded scene, that was
particularly threatened by its first advance. The affrighted multitude
rolled back like a tumultuous sea. The horrid spectre stopt; and left a
wide interval between itself and the retiring host. A ray of heavenly
light illumined the vacant space. I fixed my eye on the brilliant spot,
and soon beheld the meek and gentle form of HOWARD advancing, without
fear or arrogance, towards the terrific Phantom. With an untrembling
hand he seized the dark folds of its extensive mantle, and seemed
animated with the hope of annihilating the Monster. In the instant, a
burst of celestial splendor was spread over the gloomy plain. The Angel
of Retribution descended; and snatching the consummate Philanthropist to
his bosom, he rose again; while all the astonished multitude, now
reviving from their terror, gazed only on the celestial apparition; and
heard the reascending Seraph thus address the beneficent spirit now
committed to his care:

"Thou faithful servant of Heaven! thy hour of recompence is come. Justly
hast thou cautioned mankind not to impute thy conduct to rashness or
enthusiasm. Weak and wavering in their own pursuits of felicity, thou
wilt not wonder to see them so in their sense of thy merit, and their
zeal for thy honour: but I am commissioned to bear thee to that
All-seeing Power, who can alone truly estimate, and perfectly reward thy
desert. I know that the praise of beings, inferior to thy GOD, never
influenced thy life; but the homage of good minds is grateful to the
purest inhabitants of Heaven; and in departing from a world so much
indebted to thy virtue, let it gratify thy perfect spirit to foresee,
that as long as the earth endures, the most enlightened of her sons will
remember and revere thee as one of her sublimest benefactors."

As soon as the divine messenger had ceased to speak, every voice in the
reanimated multitude, that heard him, raised a shout of benediction on
the name of HOWARD. I started in transport at the sound; and the effort
that I made to join the universal acclamation terminated my vision.

Pardon me, thou gentlest and most indulgent of Friends! that, conscious
as I am of the sincerity with which thy pure mind ever wished to avoid
all exuberance of praise, I yet presume to send into the world such a
tribute to thy virtues as thy humility might reject. Let the motives of
the publication atone for all its defects!

This little work is made public, not from a vain expectation, or desire,
in the Writer to obtain any degree of literary distinction; for, if his
wishes and endeavours are successful, the world will not know from what
hand it proceeds.

Thou most revered object of my regard, who art looking down, perhaps,
with compassion on the petty labours of various mortals, now trying to
commemorate thy merit, thou seest that I am influenced by no arrogant
conceit of having praised with peculiar felicity the perfections that I
so ardently admire. No! I am perfectly sensible, that the most worthy
memorial of thy virtues will be found in those pure records of thy
public services which thy own hand has given to the world with all the
amiable and affecting simplicity that distinguished thy character, and
in the more comprehensive composition of some accomplished Biographer,
who may have opportunities and ability to do justice to thy life.

The chief aim of these few and hasty pages is to recall, at this
particular time, to the liberal spirits of our countrymen that generous
ardour with which they embraced the first idea of a public monument to
HOWARD. While the expence and dignity of that monument are yet
unsettled, a Writer may consider himself as a friend to national honour,
who endeavours to animate his country to the most extensive display of
her munificence, and her gratitude towards the purest public virtue. May
she justly remember, that, to testify a fond maternal pride in such a
departed son, to manifest and perpetuate esteem for such a character,
is, in truth, to promote the interest of genuine Patriotism, of sublime
Morality, and of perfect Religion!


FINIS.






End of Project Gutenberg's The Eulogies of Howard, by William Hayley

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK THE EULOGIES OF HOWARD ***

***** This file should be named 10010.txt or 10010.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10010/

Produced by Jonathan Ingram and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 9, May 28, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 9, May 28, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10013]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 9 ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent, post-paid,  |
  |                 on receipt of One Dollar, by                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New-York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    PUNCHINELLO'S MONTHLY.                    |
  |                  THE FIVE NUMBERS FOR APRIL                  |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |               IS NOW READY. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                       SUPPLIED BY THE                        |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | These pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and cheaper |
  |    than any other Pen In the market. Special attention is    |
  |  called to the following grades, as being better suited for  |
  |       business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The       |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            We recommend for bank and office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               _Sole Agents for United States._               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+



Vol. 1.     No. 9.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, MAY 28, 1870.



PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW-YORK.



       *       *       *       *       *

_Will Shortly appear: Our New Serial, Written expressly for
Punchinello, by ORPHEUS C. KERR, Entitled, "The Mystery of Mr. E.
Drood." To be continued weekly during this year._


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        J. NICKINSON,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Room No. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 NASSAU STREET.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      Notice to Ladies.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           DIBBLEE,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Of 854 Broadway,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |    Has just received a large assortment of all the latest    |
  |            styles of Chignons, Chatelaines, etc.,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FROM PARIS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |        Comprising the following beautiful varieties:         |
  |                                                              |
  |      La Coquette, La Plenitude, La Bouquet, La Sirene,       |
  |                     L'Imperatrice etc.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              At prices varying from $2 upward.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        AGENTS WANTED                         |
  |                                                              |
  | In every town, county, and State, to canvass for HENRY WARD  |
  | BEECHER'S great weekly paper, with which is GIVEN AWAY that  |
  |     superb and world-renowned work of art, "_Marshall's      |
  | Household Engraving of Washington_." The best paper and the  |
  | grandest engraving In America. Agents report "making $20 in  |
  | half a day." "Sales easier than books, and profits greater." |
  |      Ladies or gentlemen desiring immediate or largely       |
  |      remunerative employment should apply at once. Book      |
  |  canvassers, and all soliciting agents will find more money  |
  |   in this than in anything else. It is something _entirely   |
  | new_, being an _unprecedented combination_ and very taking.  |
  |                Send for circular and terms to                |
  |                                                              |
  |                J. B. FORD & CO., Publishers,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                    39 Park Row, New-York.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     PHELAN & COLLENDER,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                       MANUFACTURERS OF                       |
  |                                                              |
  |              Standard American Billiard Tables.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    WAREROOMS AND OFFICE,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                   738 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                  DRAUGHTSMAN AND DESIGNER,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                      160 FULTON STREET,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Room No. 11.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      No. 208 BROADWAY,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   Thomas J. Rayner & Co.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      29 LIBERTY STREET,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          New-York,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                     MANUFACTURERS OF THE                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          _Finest Cigars made in the United States._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | All sizes and styles. Prices very moderate. Samples sent to  |
  |         any responsible house. Also importers of the         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      _"FUSBOS" BRAND,_                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Equal in quality to the best of the Havana market, and from  |
  |               ten to twenty per cent cheaper.                |
  |                                                              |
  | Restaurant, Bar, Hotel, and Saloon trade will save money by  |
  |                          calling at                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      29 LIBERTY STREET.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       HERCULES MUTUAL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        LIFE ASSURANCE                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                           SOCIETY                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    OF THE UNITED STATES.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 No. 240 Broadway, New-York.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                  POLICIES NON-FORFEITABLE.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         All Policies                         |
  |            Entitled to Participation in Profits.             |
  |                 Dividends Declared Annually.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 JAMES D. REYMERT, President.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ASHER S. MILLS, Secretary.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |          THOMAS H. WHITE. M.D.,  Medical Examiner.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    ACTIVE AGENTS WANTED.                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW-YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |           Presents to the public for approval, the           |
  |                                                              |
  |            NEW ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL            |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |  PUNCHINELLO will be entirely original; humorous and witty   |
  | without vulgarity, and satirical without malice. It will be  |
  | printed on a superior tinted paper of sixteen pages, size 13 |
  |  by 9, and will be for sale by all respectable newsdealers   |
  | who have the judgment to know a good thing when they see it, |
  |             or by subscription from this office.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  | day, are always acceptable, and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            Terms:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ....................... $4.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Single copies, ten cents.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |  or paper, price, $2.50, for ......................... 5.50  |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for .. 7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW-YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       P.O. Box, 2783.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |            (_For terms to Clubs, see 16th page_.)            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Mercantile Library,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Clinton Hall, Astor Place,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | This is now the largest circulating Library in America, the  |
  |    number of volumes on its shelves being 114,000. About     |
  | 1000 volumes are added each month; and very large purchases  |
  |            are made of all new and popular works.            |
  |                                                              |
  |Books are delivered at members' residences for five cents each|
  |                          delivery.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          TO CLERKS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                $1 Initiation, $3 Annual Dues.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                    TO OTHERS, $5 a year.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                   SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN FOR                    |
  |                         SIX MONTHS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                        BRANCH OFFICES                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                              AT                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                NO. 76 CEDAR STREET, NEW-YORK,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                            AND AT                            |
  |                                                              |
  |          Yonkers, Norwalk, Stamford, and Elizabeth.          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           AMERICAN                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BUTTONHOLE, OVERSEAMING,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     SEWING-MACHINE CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               572 and 574 Broadway, New-York.                |
  |                                                              |
  |   This great combination machine is the last and greatest    |
  |  Improvement on all former machines, making, in addition to  |
  |  all the work done on best Lock-Stitch machines, beautiful   |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BUTTON AND EYELET HOLES.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       in all fabrics.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                Machine, with finely finished                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 OILED WALNUT TABLE AND COVER                 |
  |                                                              |
  |  complete, $75. Same machine, without the buttonhole parts,  |
  | $60. This last is beyond all question the simplest, easiest  |
  |    to manage and to keep in order, of any machine in the     |
  |  market. Machines warranted, and full instruction given to   |
  |                         purchasers.                          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    HENRY SPEAR, PRINTER,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        LITHOGRAPHER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          STATIONER.                          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses  |
  |     can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps.     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: AT THE MERCANTILE LIBRARY.

_Mr. Nottmuch_, (to Clerk in Library.) "I SEE BY YOUR CIRCULAR THAT
VISITORS OF DISTINCTION HAVE FREE ACCESS TO YOUR READING-ROOM, AND AS I
HAVE CONTRIBUTED A STORY TO THE 'WAYERLY MAGAZINE,'" etc.

_Nottmuch_, (having obtained access to the reading-room.) "A VERY PRETTY
GIRL, THAT SUPERINTENDENT! HAS SHE PERUSED MY STORY, OR DO I DAZZLE HER
WITH MY LOOKS? HA! SHE RISES!----."

_Lady Superintendent_. (blandly but firmly). "EXCUSE ME, SIR, BUT IT'S
AGAINST THE RULES FOR GENTLEMEN TO PLACE THEIR FEET ON CHAIRS."]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIGH NOTES BY OUR MUSICAL CRITIC.

PUNCHINELLO'S critic, always the friend of fair-play, resents the
insinuation that Mr. CARL ROSA has been a careless director of Opera.
The truth is that Mr. ROSA has not produced the smallest work without a
great deal of Preparation.

FLOTOW'S _Shadow_ is to be brought out in London. It will not stand the
ghost of a chance unless well mounted. Music light and sketchy;
remarkable for a Chorus of Fishermen, well known as the "Shad oh! song."

_Lohengrin_ has had a run of eight nights at Brussels, with average
receipts of little less than four thousand francs. This sort of tune is
the only one in the music of the Future which managers can understand.
Nevertheless Herr WAGNER is not out of spirits. Intent upon laying the
foundations of future wealth and fame, he can lay Low and Grin. Brussels
gold will serve him as well as _Rheingold_.

The difference between BACH'S music find a music-box is yet an unsettled
conundrum. Such is likely to be the fate of the question raised with so
much temper over the Passion Music of that great man by the English
critics. Shame on all critics that condemn MOZART as a fogy and BACH as
a nuisance. Of course it is going back on BACH with a vengeance, but
what sympathy can exist between the old fuguemakers and the modern
high-flyers?

       *       *       *       *       *

LATEST NEWS ITEMS.

A SHEFFIELD paper has been prosecuted for asserting that the Prince of
Wales was a fast young man. The prosecution was withdrawn as soon as the
editor confessed that the Prince was loose.

The Treasury Department is much distressed by the great genius for
smuggling displayed by the Chinese immigrants. They secrete opium in all
sorts of wonderful places, and so worry the custom-house officers
dreadfully. Several children have been arrested for bringing their
"poppies" over with them, and feeling in favor of the offenders ran so
high that a number of women were fined for having a share in laud'n'm.

The bull fights in London have come to a mournful conclusion. The bulls
refused to take part, and the principal combatant instead of being all
Matted O'er with the blood of his taurine victims, has been sent to
prison for trying to Pick a Door lock.

The Last of the Piegans is travelling East, on his way to Philadelphia,
to see "SHERIDAN'S Ride." He was away from home when PHILIP was there,
and is very anxious to know the young man when he sees him again. Hence
his laudable anxiety to study the picture.

The Fenian Army.

If the Fenians send an army to aid the Red river insurgents, it may
probably be the only "BIEL" work they will attempt this year.

       *       *       *       *       *

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

WHAT I KNOW ABOUT PROTECTION.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: Having skilfully illuminated Free Trade, I now proceed
to elucidate Protection. You see when we reach Protection, the boot is
on the other leg; _you_ make the conundrums then, and the other man
tries to guess them. There are many kinds of protection; there's the
kind which a State's prison-keeper gives to one of his birds; the kind
which a black-and-tan terrier, or a freshly-imported Chinaman, extends
to a good fat rat; the kind which a pious young man offers to a fair and
tender damsel, when he places his arm around her dainty waist, and
gently absorbs the dew of innocence from her rosy lips, (that idea, is,
I think, plagiarized from TENNYSON,) and the kind which a delicate
mother-in-law, blessed with nerves, pours out upon her son-in-law. But I
leave the discussion of such things to weaker birds, and soar myself to
a higher kind, _i.e._, that Protection which is diametrically opposed to
Free Trade.

Protection, in this sense, is--well, let me follow my own admirable
example, and illustrate: You own a coal mine in Pennsylvania, which
contains tolerably poor coal, with which you mix a proper amount of
stone, and then sell the mixture for a high price. ICHABOD BLUE-NOSE
owns a coal mine in Nova Scotia, which furnishes good coal; he puts no
slate in it, and yet sells it at a low figure. You reflect that with
such opposition you will never manage to dispose of all your stone, so
you apply to Congress, and have a high tariff put on coal. That's
Protection. Metaphysically defined, Protection is the natural right,
inherent in every American citizen, to obtain money in large quantities
for goods of small qualities.

Protection is not a natural production; it was invented about the time
taxes were, though it must be admitted that those very annoying articles
appeared very early in the history of the human race. I've no doubt that
ADAM levied taxes, though it's very doubtful if he could put as many
things in a tax levy as a New York politician can. Certainly there was a
very high tariff on apples in his day--so high that humanity has not yet
succeeded in paying off the duty on the one ADAM ate. ABRAHAM paid
taxes, and, as he was his own Senate and House, doubtless he passed a
tariff bill to suit himself, and had any quantity of Protection. I have
always regretted that NOAH didn't pass a bill protecting native
industry, because he could have enforced it, and had no wrangling about
it.

There are one or two points about Protection which a wayfaring man, even
if people labor under the impression that he is a fool, can understand.
If you are JOHN SMITH and own a coal mine or an iron mill, you go to
Washington, see your Congressman, (by see I mean look at him, of
course,) donate large sums of money to certain poor, but honest men, who
adorn the lobby of the House, while they are waiting for generous
patrons like unto you, then go home and calmly await the result. Your
representative makes a speech, the exordium of which is Patriotism, the
peroration of which is Star-Spangled Banner, and the central plum of
which is your coal mine or iron mill. Your poor and honest friends wear
out several pairs of shoes, the tariff bill is passed, your mine or mill
is abundantly protected, and the country is saved. If, on the other
hand, you are JOHN BROWN, and raise cabbages and turnips on a farm, you
are allowed to pay high prices for SMITH'S coal or iron, but you expect
no Protection, and you've a sure thing of getting what you expect.

Of course you don't imagine that I shall explain the details of this
profound subject. There are only two men in this country who think they
can do that, and each one of those says that the other is an idiot. As a
rule, figures can't lie; but look out for the exceptions when you run
across the subject of Protection. The very same figures have an ugly way
of proving both sides of a question. You run down a fact, and think
you've got it, but, before you know it, it has slipped, like the "little
joker," over to the other side.

Personally, I am a Protectionist. Formerly I indulged in that monstrous
absurdity, Free Trade, but then I was an importer; now, being a
manufacturer, the scales have fallen from my eyes, and I am of the
straitest sect a Protectionist. You can't give me too much of it. Of
course I can't see why pig-iron should be protected, and pigs not. I
think every native production should be cared for, and that there should
be an excessively high tariff on foreign food. In that case poor REVERDY
JOHNSON would have been compelled to have passed a Lenten season at
Halifax, until he had eradicated from his system the rich English
dinners, before he could have entered this favored land. And
MOTLEY--bless me, he has eaten so much that I don't believe he could get
it out of his body if he fasted for the remainder of his natural life.

I am informed, however, that Protection does us one injury. All the
_World_ says that there is a Parsee in our land, who is loaded with
rupees, but who is unable to spend them here because of our protective
system, and what all the _World_ says, you know, must be true. However,
there are 40,000,000 of us, and, if Congress will make all Americans buy
my patent door-knobs, the Parsee can go to--Hindostan.

I don't think any thing more can be said about Protection. Any body who
doesn't understand it now had better go to Washington, and listen to the
debate on scrap-iron. That will sharpen his wits. Pig-iron, of course,
is interesting, but then that's a light and airy subject. Hear the
debate on scrap-iron, by all means.

LOT.

       *       *       *       *       *

A LITERARY VAMPIRE.

No greater mistake was ever made than the supposition that PUNCHINELLO
is to be assailed with impunity by rival publications. It is well known
that he never courted controversies or quarrels, and his best friends
understand perfectly his love for a peaceable career. But when that
flippant sheet, known as _Rees's American Encyclopedia_, comes out with
a violent attack upon PUNCHINELLO'S past life and present course, the
assault is such as would provoke a retort from any honest man. The vile
insinuation that PUNCHINELLO is printed and published for the sole
purpose of making money out of its subscribers and the reading public in
general, is too mendacious for refutation; and when the reckless editor
of the periodical in question gravely announces that he can never read
PUNCHINELLO without laughing at its contents, it will be readily seen
that he goes so far as to make use of the truth to serve his wicked
purposes. But the descent which this shameless conductor of a journal,
confessedly the organ of our ignorant masses, has made into the private
life of PUNCHINELLO, is without precedent. He states that for the first
fourteen years of his life, PUNCHINELLO was, to all intents and
purposes, a person of little or no fortune, and that he depended
entirely upon his parents for support; that, until he had reached his
fifth birthday, he had absolutely no knowledge of English literature,
and was entirely ignorant of even the rudiments of the classics; that he
never paid one cent of income tax at that period of his life; and that
his belief in the fundamental principles of political economy was, at
that time, doubted by all who knew him best! Are such statements as
these to be submitted to by a man of honor? Never! PUNCHINELLO dares the
recreant editor of the dirty sheet to do his worst! Of that base man he
could tell much which would render him unfit for the association of any
person living, but he forbears. This much, however, he will say. It is
well known that the said calumniator did, at many periods of his life,
make use of the services of a _calceolarius_. Think of that, freemen of
America! He has often been known to submit to indignities, such as
nose-pulling from the hands of a common _tonsor_, and has been
frequently in such a condition that he could not appear in public
without the assistance of a _sartor_! Is it fitting that a high-toned
journalist should engage in petty recriminations with such a one?
"Revenge," says JAMES MURDOCK, "is the sweetest morsel cooked in its own
gravy, with _sauce moyennaise_." "Yes," said Dean SWIFT, "and let us
have some, and a little gin, say five fingers, and a trifle of milk."
Thus it is that we regard the editor of the _Encyclopedia_.

CARLYLE remarks, "Many a vessel, (for if not a Vessel, then surely we,
or our progenitors, in counting ships, and the assumptive floatative
mechanisms of anterior and past ages; or as the Assyrians
[under-estimating the force of the correlative elements] declared a
bridging, or a going over [not of seas merely, but of those chaotic gaps
of the mind] are all wrong enough indeed,) has never got there."

We also think of that editor in this way, and trust that enough has been
said to make it plain that PUNCHINELLO is not to be attacked with
impunity by every little journal of the day.

       *       *       *       *       *

Encouraging for Travellers.

The managers of a leading railroad announce that they take passengers
"to all principal points of the West without change." Such unusual
liberality, at a time when Change is so scarce with many people,
ought to insure for that railroad a great success.

       *       *       *       *       *

Alike, but Different.

Poetry sometimes has a Ring in it. So has a pig's nose.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

Military dramas might, as a rule, be called with equal propriety
millinery dramas. In other words, their success is generally due to
their costumes. In this respect they afford a marked contrast to ballet
spectacles. The latter give us inanity without clothes; the former,
inanity in particularly gorgeous clothes. Which, again, leads to the
further remark that the difference between the two styles of inanity is,
after all, a clothes thing. This is a joke.

The _Lancers_, now running at WALLACK'S, (a proceeding which implies no
want of bravery on the part of that distinguished corps,) is, however,
unlike most military dramas, inasmuch as it is a bright and brilliant
play. Moreover, it is acted by the best members of the Company in their
very best manner. Miss LOUISA MOORE, whose golden hair and silvery voice
become an actress of genuine mettle as well as gentle grace, is ESTELLE,
the heroine; Miss EMILY MESTAYER is the Commanding Sister of Col. EPEE
who is personated by Mr. FISHER; Mr. WYNDHAM is the Graceless Private,
who, having spent his last penny, enlists in the Lancers and spends vast
sums in beneficiary beer in company with his comrades; Mr. WILLIAMSON is
the Kindly Sergeant; Mr. RINGGOLD is the Genial Artist, whose velvet
coat suggests that he has recently managed a Starr _opera bouffe_
enterprise; and Mr. STODDART is happy in the congenial character of a
Clumsy Trumpeter. If any speculative manager pretends that he has a
better hypothetical cast in his eye than the present cast of the
_Lancers_, let him be given to the surgical tormentors to be operated
upon for malignant _strabismus_.

The curtain rises upon the Genial Artist searching for his friend, the
Graceless Private, in the empty jugs and glasses at the _Golden Sun
Inn_. To him enters the Clumsy Trumpeter.

_Genial Artist_. "Where can he be? It--it must, and yet--"

_Clumsy Trumpeter (without Stoddart's usual oath.)_ "He's got 'em.
Hallo! friend. Do you want any thing?"

_Genial Artist_. "Yes--no--that is--or rather it isn't--" (_Exit, while
Trumpeter makes faces at the gallery_.)

_Enter_ ESTELLE _and her maid, disguised as peasants, and pursued by a
troop of lancers_.

_All the Lancers_. "Let _me_ kiss 'em."

_Both the Girls_. "Scr-r-r-r-e-e-e-ch."

(_Enter Graceless Private_.)

_Graceless Private_. "I will protect you. Get out, all you fellows."
(_They get out_.)

A flirtation between the Private and ESTELLE is at once begun, from
which it appears that she came to catch a glimpse of the Colonel, who
wants to marry her. She and the Private sit on the table, and fall
instantaneously in love. As soon as they are well in, the Lancers
return, and ESTELLE flies. Graceless Private, having no money, pays for
the co-inebriation of the entire corps, and while engaged in this
praiseworthy occupation is found by the Genial Artist, who makes him
promise to attend a ball at a neighboring _chateau_. Enter Kindly
Sergeant, who arrests the Graceless Private, and puts him in the
guard-house. Curtain falls amid faces from STODDART (without his usual
oath) and applause from the audience.

_Veteran Play-goer_. "Well, I've seen STODDART in every thing he has
played this year, and this is the first time he has failed to swear on
every ineligible occasion."

_Young Lady who frequents Wallack's_. "Who is that Clumsy Trumpeter? I
don't know him."

_Accompanying Young Man_. "Why, don't you know STODDART?"

_Young Lady_. "Nonsense; that isn't STODDART. Why, he hasn't sworn
once."

_Fast Young Man_. "STODDART isn't himself to-night. He hasn't the spirit
to swear. Did you hear the good thing he said Monday night about Miss
MOORE? It was devilish good. Says he--" (_Repeats an indelicate joke_.)

_Irate Old Gentleman who overhears the story_. "If he said that, sir, he
ought to have been hissed off the stage, sir; and turned out of the
company, sir! It was an insult to an estimable lady, and an outrage on
the audience, sir!"

_The second act takes place in the salon of ESTELLE. The Colonel and his
Commanding Sister lay siege to_ ESTELLE'S _heart. Graceless Private, in
evening dress, countermines the Colonel's forces and routs them, wading
deeper than before in the exhilarating surf of love, hand in hand with_
ESTELLE. (_This metaphor has been leased for a term of years to a
distinguished hydropathic poet.) Clumsy Trumpeter drops books and things
all over the room, and recognises the Graceless Private. Finally the
Colonel and the latter quarrel, and go out in the back yard to fight,
where the Private is wounded in the arm. The Colonel returns and
announces the result to_ ESTELLE, _who swoons, or at all events, makes
an admirable feint of so doing. Curtain._

_Fast Young Man_. "STODDART didn't try his good joke to-night. He'll say
something yet, though, before the play is over."

_Every body Else_. "Did you ever see better acting than WYNDHAM'S and
Miss MOORE'S? And how capitally FISHER and Miss MESTAYER are playing?
STODDART positively hasn't sworn yet. What can be the matter with him?"

_Inquiring Maiden, to her travelled lover_. "Are the uniforms just like
those of the real French Lancers?"

_Travelled Lover_. "Very nearly. There is one button too many on the
front of the Colonel's coat. I know the regiment well. It's the crack
artillery regiment in the French service."

_Act III. shows us the Graceless Private brought before the Colonel for
examination. He feigns drunkenness, but the Colonel suspects him of
having been his adversary at the ball_. ESTELLE _visits the Colonel in
order to save her Private lover. He is proved to have broken his arrest,
and is sentenced to death_. ESTELLE _offers to marry the Colonel if he
will pardon the Private. The latter's discharge arrives in the nick of
time, and as he is thus beyond the reach of the Colonel's vengeance, he
graciously pardons him, and joins his hand to that of_ ESTELLE. _He
remarks--or ought to--"Bless you, my children." Every body suddenly
finds out that every body else is noble and generous. And so the curtain
falls upon a happy garrison, including a Trumpeter who has not sworn a
single oath_.

_One Half of the Audience_. "How do you like it? I like it so much."

_The Other Half_. "I like it immensely."

_Chorus from Every body_. "Why didn't STODDART swear?"

_Answering Echo from the Tipperary Hills_. "Because WALLACK has told him
that the public won't stand it any longer."

And the public is right. Mr. STODDART is an exceptionally able actor,
but of late he has grown intolerably coarse and vulgar while on the
stage. His profanity has disgraced himself and the theatre, and his
gratuitous insult to an estimable lady, who had the misfortune to appear
in the same scene with him on Monday night, should have secured his
instant dismissal from the company, and his perpetual banishment to
_Tammany_ or _Tony Pastor's_. Let him turn over a new leaf at once. He
does not swear in the present play, and the fact is creditable to him.
He is a gentleman in private life; let him be a gentleman on the stage.
By so doing he will soon be recognized as one of the best comedians of
the day. And PUNCHINELLO will be the first to praise him when he lays
aside the unnecessary vulgarity with which he has latterly bid for the
applause of the gallery.

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE RELIGION OF TEMPERANCE.

    Says Poet to Parson--To save men from drinking,
    Not many religions are good to my thinking;
    To be sure a good Baptist a man of true grace is,
    But a Hard Shell, my brother's the hardest of cases.
    Your Shouter's too noisy for temperance talking,
    Your Come-outer too harsh for right temperate walking.
    A Quaker's not steady enough on his beam-ends,
    And a Shaker is bad for _delirium tremens_.
    But of all the hard drinkers religion has warmed,
    To my mind the most hopeful's the _German Reformed_.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE PET DOGS OF NEW-YORK PRESENT THEIR COMPLIMENTS, WITH
THE ABOVE CUT, TO MR. BERGH, AND REQUEST THAT HE WILL CUR-TAIL THE
SPORTS OF THOUGHTLESS CHILDREN WHO INSIST UPON PLAYING AT "HORSE" WITH
THEM.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Logical.

One PULLMAN, who preaches the "milk of the word," (not without gin,
PUNCHINELLO supposes,) declares that the BIBLE is full of lies. Well,
according to his own view of it, PULLMAN must be full of Scripture.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Real Fact.

Mr. COLFAX, says the Cincinnati Gazette, intends to call his new-born
son CASABLANCA, the Vice-President having once "stood on a burning
deck," etc. PUNCHINELLO discovers a shrewder reason. The plain English
for Casablanca is White-House.

       *       *       *       *       *

Concealed Weapons.

Detroit drunkards, says an exchange, use a stocking with a stone in it
to avoid arrest--just as if a hat "with a brick in it" were not enough!

       *       *       *       *       *

Written With a Steal Pen.

So great is the habit among editors of cribbing from each other, that if
one were to write an article about an egg another would immediately
Poach it.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Battle of Hastings.

The fight between the _Commercial Advertiser_ and THEODORE TILTON.

       *       *       *       *       *

Triumphs of the Chisel.

The Wall street "busts." Good judges pronounce them Per Phidias.

       *       *       *       *       *

What an Asthmatic Artist can not Draw.

A long breath.

       *       *       *       *       *

"The American Working-woman's Union" Most Sought After.

MARRIAGE.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Latest Edition of "Shoo! Fly."

"MOSQUITO" at Niblo's.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CONGRESSMAN TO HIS CRITICS.

    Well, talk, if you like; I suppose it's your way;
    Each citizen, surely, should say all his say;
    _I_ did just so, when I'd nothing to do;
    And if _I_ felt like doing so, why shouldn't _you_!

    It's republican, pleasant, and safe, to find fault;
    If a man can't do _that_, why he's not worth his salt.
    And never, since critics (and fleas) learned their powers,
    Was a country more blest with such vermin than ours.

    You've learned much about your old friend, it is said;
    The farther I'm from you, the plainer I'm read!
    When "one of the people" comes here to make laws,
    The "people" disown him. Now, what is the cause?

    You say I'm not "dignified." Well, friends--are you?
    My language, my manners, are rough, it is true;
    My tones, and my jokes, (since you say it,) are coarse;
    But very few streams rise above their own source.

    If we're all "politicians," and they are such trash
    As you have declared them, why were you so rash
    As to give us your votes? What! will nobody "run"
    But a "mere politician?" Why, then we're undone!

    Come, come--this is nonsense! Be fair, my good sirs!
    Let us look at this question. Suppose it occurs
    That a long, prosy speech is about to be made;
    If you say, "Stay and hear it," must you be obeyed?

    But ours is a "serious business." True!
    And so are some other things serious, too!
    Such as courtships, and dinners, and headaches, and blues,
    And sight-seeing friends, whom 'tis death[1] to refuse!

    Now, many of us (though it should not be said!)
    Are really stupid, and haven't much head.
    We don't take that view of our duty that _you_ do;
    We're often so bothered we don't know what _to_ do!

    Our votes look decided--as though we did know;
    But that's because BUTLER or SCHENCK voted so.
    Such points may come up, in the course of the day,
    As would puzzle the Seraphim some, I should say!

    Besides, gentle friends! did you ever think so?
    Perhaps we are paying you all that we owe.
    If you want better service, why send better men,
    And be better yourselves. It will all be right, then.

[Footnote 1: Political death, of course.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Come on, Ladies!

An Anti-mustache movement has begun in Boston. PUNCHINELLO to explain
that it begins altogether with the ladies, and is, of course, Right
Against the mustaches.

       *       *       *       *       *

For Lunatics Only.

The latest whim of the Lunatics in one of the Indiana Asylums is the
notion that they can design and build opera-houses. Well, we have lots
of crazy architecture, and more than one gentleman has acknowledged
himself insane for investing in opera-houses. But PUNCHINELLO thinks
that the tastes of the insane would be better encouraged if directed to
the building of Courts of Justice. Every Court-house thus constructed,
would be a monument to the Plea of Insanity.

       *       *       *       *       *

GLIMPSES OF FORTUNE.

You may not think so, my dear PUNCHINELLO, but it is true. I have had
them. I am not one of your bloated aristocrats--just at the present
moment--but I know as well as any one what WHITTIER meant when he said
"it might have been." As an instance of this, I will just state that it
has not been a very long time since, in looking over the columns of one
of our principal dailies, I saw something among the personals which
seemed to touch my interests in, a very decided way. I often look over
the "Personals," for I know well the connection between fortune and the
Press. I have not forgotten the success of A.T. STEWART and many other
millionaires, and their dependence on the newspapers--but never until
that day had I seen any thing in that mystic column which could possibly
be construed to apply to inc. As for the rest of the paper, I knew that
there was nothing to interest me there. You see I was after Fortune. The
advertisement to which I refer road as follows:

"If the gentleman in a dark hat and gray pantaloons, who, in a Broadway
stage, one day last week, passed up the fare for a lady with blue eyes
and high-heeled boots, will call at 831 Dash street, second floor, he
will hear of something to his advantage. A.R.R."

Now, it so happened, that during the whole of the preceding week I had
worn a black hat and gray pantaloons; indeed, I had them on yet, and, to
tell the truth, I had no others. Therefore, this part of the case was
all clear enough. There was no reason why the gentleman inquired for
should not be me. I had certainly ridden in a stage in the last week,
and I remember very well that I passed up the fare for lady with blue
eyes. I performed a similar service for several ladies; but one of them,
I am sure, had blue eyes. As to the high-heeled boots I suppose she wore
them, but how was I to know that? At all events it would be a piece of
the most culpable indifference to my welfare to neglect this chance.
Fortune! and through a lady, too! To think of it! The promised advantage
might be great or small, but whatever it was, it would be most welcome.
And the honor, too! A piece of positive advantage for an act of manly
gallantry!

I immediately put on that black hat, and with those identical gray
trowsers upon my legs, I strode down to 321 Dash street, and mounted
instantly to the second floor. As there was but one entrance door from
the stair-way on this floor, I felt certain that I had found the right
place.

The business of Mr. A.R.R. was evidently a very profitable one, for his
room was quite full of people. I inquired of a boy for the author of the
notice I held in my hand, (I had carefully cut it from the paper,) and
was informed that this was the right place, and that the gentleman would
see me in a few moments. I took a seat and regarded the persons who were
standing and sitting about the room. They were all men, and in a few
minutes I discovered, to my great surprise, that they all wore black
hats and gray pantaloons!

I must admit, that when I made this discovery, I experienced a very
peculiar sensation, as if some one had suddenly dropped a little
ice-water down my back. Was it possible that all these men were here in
answer to that advertisement, which I considered addressed to me alone?
There were all sorts of them; old gentlemen with heads grayer than their
pants; young fellows who looked like clerks; and middle-aged men, who
seemed like very respectable heads of families. Was it possible that
each one of those individuals had, in the last week, passed up the fare
of a blue-eyed lady with high-heeled boots? And did each one of them
expect to enjoy that advantage for which I came here? One thing was
certain; they did not announce to each other their business, but looked
at their watches and tapped their boots, and knitted their brows as if
each one of them had come on very particular business, which had nothing
to do with the affairs of the general crowd. But all those gray
trowsers! There was no concealing them.

A door, leading into an adjoining room, now opened quickly, and Mr.
A.R.R. made his appearance. No one doubted that he was the man, for he
bowed politely, and seemed to expect the company. He was a tall, thin,
and well-dressed man, and held in his hand a small package. Instantly
upon his appearance every man in the room stuck his thumb and forefinger
into his vest pocket, and pulling out a little piece of printed paper,
said, "Sir, I called--" A.R.R. waved his hand.

"Gentlemen," said he, "I know why you called, and you will allow me to
remark--"

"But look here," said a tall man with a blue cravat. "I think that I am
the person you want to see, and as I am in a hurry, I would like to see
you for a few minutes in private."

Dozens of angry eyes were now directed upon this presumptuous
individual, and dozens of angry voices were about to break forth when
the benign A.R.R. again waved his hand.

"Gentlemen," said he, "I wish to see you all. No one more than another.
I have reason to believe that every one of you is the person to whom
that advertisement referred. I see you are all gentlemen, and you would
not have made your appearance here had you not fulfilled the conditions
mentioned in the paper."

Here was a smothered hum, which seemed to precede a general outbreak,
but A.R.R., blandly smiling, continued:

"Gentlemen, do not become impatient. What I have to say is to the
advantage of every one of you. You all move in good society--I can see
that--and you therefore are well aware of some of the penalties of
social pleasures and high living. Consequently, gentlemen," and now he
spoke very fast, as if fearful of interruption, "you must have, all of
you, experienced some of the evils of indigestion, and it is to relieve
these that I have prepared my Binocular Barberry Bitters--"

A roar of rage here broke forth from every man of us, and a rush was
made towards the smiling impostor, but he quickly slipped through the
door behind him, and locked it in our faces. And then, before we could
rush from the room where we had been so shamefully duped, the head of
A.R.R. appeared at a little window in the partition-wall, and he called
out:

"Gentlemen, this mixture is, as my initials declare, a Radical Relief,
and retails at one dollar per bottle, I hope you will take some of my
circulars home with you," and he threw among the crowd the package of
circulars which he had held in his hand.

This, O friend PUNCHINELLO, was only one of my Glimpses of Fortune. I
may yet see the jade more nearly. IMPECUNE.

       *       *       *       *       *

Query.

Under the conditions of the Fifteenth Amendment, should things continue
to be put down in Black and White?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration:

"COMPARISONS ARE ODIOUS."

_Fond Mother._ "YES, HE'S A PRETTY GOOD BOY, BUT HE DON'T
TAKE TO HIS LETTERS."

_Squire._ "WELL, HE OUGHTER, FOR HIS MOUTH IS LIKE THE
SLIT OF A POST-OFFICE BOX."]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A TABLEAU OF THE DAY.

GENERAL DANA, WHO HAS BROUGHT THE FIRE OF THE "SUN" TO BEAR UPON EVERY
BODY, NOW BEGINS TO REALIZE THE FORCE OF THE PROVERB--"FOLKS WHO LIVE IN
GLASS HOUSES SHOULD NOT THROW STONES."]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE INDIAN QUESTION.

[AS VIEWED IN THE WEST.]

    This is _our_ business, understand!
    You Eastern folks, with tempers bland
    All get your views at second-hand.

    We are the ones that take the brunt
    Of every lively Indian-hunt,
    So don't be angry if we're blunt.

    If any body's scalped it's _us!_
    So we've a well-earned right to cuss,
    And you've _no_ right to make a fuss.

    Talk as you please about their "rights;"
    That don't include their coming nights,
    And cutting out our lungs and lights.

    You get your wife and children shot!
    (Here it might happen, like us not,)
    You'll make your mind up on the spot.

    "Humanity" 's played out for _you!_
    You've got some active work to do;
    No doubt you'll see it well put through.

    Until you've settled that small bill,
    (As honorable debtors will,)
    We fancy you will not keep still.

    You will admit the tender plea
    Of "broken faith;" but when you see
    Your Red Skin, you won't let him be!

    Just so with us. We don't go back
    Of _our_ affair! We were not slack
    In justice to this Devil's pack!

    They settle with the wrong concern;
    And as they never, _never'll_ learn,
    We shoot 'em, and don't care a _dern!_

       *       *       *       *       *
[Illustration: EDITORIAL WASHING-DAY IN NEW-YORK.]

EDITORIAL WASHING-DAY.

Observe PUNCHINELLO'S Cartoon, in which you shall behold the editorial
laundresses of New-York city having a washy time of it all around. There
is a, shriek of objurgation in the air, and a flutter of soiled linen on
the breeze. Granny MARBLE, to the extreme left of the picture, clenches
her fists over the pungent suds, and looks fight at Granny JONES, of the
_Times_. The beaming phiz of Granny GREELEY looms up between the two,
like the sun in a fog. But the real _Sun_ in a fog is to be seen to the
extreme right. There you behold Granny DANA, shaking her "brawny bunch
of fives" in the face of Granny YOUNG, whose manner of wringing out the
linen, you will observe, is up to the highest _Standard_ of that branch
of art. Further away, Granny TILTON flutters her linen with spiteful
flourish, nettled by the vituperation of Granny HASTINGS, who hangs up
her _Commercial_ clothes on the line. The _tableau_ is an instructive
one; and it is to be hoped that all the U-Lye soaps used by the
washerwomen is used up by this time, and that they will replace it with
some having a sweeter perfume.

       *       *       *       *       *

BOOK NOTICES.

MRS. JERNINGHAM'S JOURNAL. New-York: Charles Scribner & Company.

A very cleverly-written narrative, in smooth verse, detailing the
experience of a bride who took to flirting early in her matrimonial
career, but was saved from coming to grief by the decisive action of a
stern husband. The book contains a capital lesson for the Girl of the
Period, whose follies are satirized in it with a sharp pen.

       *       *       *       *       *

NOTICE.

The attention of the Public is requested to PUNCHINELLO No. 10, which
will be issued upon Thursday, May 26th. It will be a very brilliant
number, illustrated with flights of fancy by ten comic artists.

In PUNCHINELLO No. 11 will be commenced a new burlesque serial, "The
Mystery of Mister E. Drood," written expressly for this paper by the
celebrated humorist, ORPHEUS C. KERR.

       *       *       *       *       *


[Illustration: MAKING A HASH OF IT. _Customer_. "I THOUGHT YOU HAD
A GOOD PLACE WITH MR. ASHE; WHY ARE YOU GOING TO LEAVE?"

_Cockney Waiter_. "FACT IS, SIR, HASHE IS IN THE 'ABIT OF MAKING USE OF
HODIOUS LANGUAGE TO HIS WAITERS, SIR, AND NO MAN OF HEDUCATION COULD
STAND _THAT_, SIR, YOU KNOW, SIR."]

       *       *       *       *       *

JUMBLES.

MR. PUNCHINELLO, do you know when a woman is perfection itself? "No." I
do. It is when she is from sixteen to nineteen. Of course you take her
judgment. At sixteen she is the coming flower that has come--the first
Rose of Summer, and about the best that may be looked for. Her ideas may
not be solid, but they are expansive. Her mind may not make a very great
show, but her hair (real and otherwise) is sure to. She is very deep in
love--with herself. The supremest divinity is seen when she looks in the
mirror. Call her ARABELLA if you like. ARABELLA is mistress of that
portion of the dictionary which includes the common-place compliments of
society. In her mouth they have a common place, indeed. Some people call
such utterances "stuff," "nonsense," "puerilities," but nobody is so
prejudiced and unreliable as the above-named some people. They
complacently think they know a thing or two, but that is all it amounts
to. ARABELLA hasn't any doubt about her being perfection. Unfortunately
there is a question about some matters in this world in politics,
religion, morality and other kindred things, but on the doctrine of
perfection, as applied to her individual self, ARABELLA is clear and
settled. Did any body, she says _sotto voce_, to herself, ever put
vision on such an ensemble countenance? Were eyes ever more sparkling?
Were ever dimples dimpler? Had ever peach such artistic hue, and teeth
such pearly pearliness, and lips such positive sweetness, and brow such
loveliness? We suppose not. ARABELLA is eighteen, is of elastic notions,
sees life as a romance, believes the ground on which she walks ought to
be grateful for the honor, and wonders if every body who goes out don't
go straightway to talking rapturously about her. ARABELLA is a type--the
type of a class of perfectionists. ARABELLA is neither a worm nor a
butterfly, but the bridge between. For all this ARABELLA believes
herself to be the best of butterflies, with the capacity to fly in the
highest manner. At twenty-five her wings will be clipped, her colors
will modify, her notions renovate, and her eyes open. She will perceive
that the doctrine of perfection is mythical, and angels upon earth only
so in name.

Going to church is a good thing. All good people go, and from good
motives, of course. Mrs. BROWN, says a wicked gossip, goes to show a
bonnet; Mrs. JONES her shawl; Mrs. SMITH her silk; Mrs. JENKINS her
gloves and fan. No sane person believes that these ladies go for any
such purpose. The case isn't presumable. They are nice, high-toned
people, sit in $800 pews, adore Rev. Dr. CANTWELL, and give very freely
(of their husband's money) to the heathen in the uttermost corners of
the earth. They prefer, good souls, to give to the heathen under the
equator to those under their noses. It is _not_ true that ladies go to
church for the display of dress. It _is_ true Mrs. JONES does not wish
to be outdone by Mrs. JENKINS, and isn't if STEWART can help it, but she
is a good pious woman of simple tastes, though Mr. J. thinks she tastes
rather often. Going to church is a good thing for example's sake. It is
so nice and strengthening to reflect that, as the minister preaches
piety, and you practice poetry, (with a pencil in the prayer-book,) you
set an example to the rising generation. One can never do too much for
the rising generation, though it often rises too frequently and too
high. Besides, it encourages the minister. Only think of talking to
emptiness instead of fulness--to people instead of plush. How can the
dear Rev. SPLURGE SPLUTTER have the heart or tongue to drop his pearls
of eloquence to the swine of empty pews? And how dreadful for the gifted
soprano, Miss SCREECH, to tune her melodious voice to earless aisles!
And then it is so easy to "set" examples by sitting in soft pews, doing
to church should be a matter of conscience. Every body not a dolt admits
conscience to be a good thing, though a thing every body cannot boast of
possessing. I like people of conscience--that is, I should like them if
I knew any. It is such a nice thing to talk about--and how much nicer
to have. Mrs. TODD often wishes "to conscience" she could reach mine. I
am sorry to say that at times Mrs. T. is an irreverent woman. She
doesn't perceive that some where under that hairless, proud dome of mine
there must be a conscience--I may proudly say, an imposing conscience. I
said to Mrs. T. one day, "I _have_ an imposing conscience," and she
really thought so--adding the cruel expression that she didn't know of
any thing about me but _was_ imposing, and that she first became aware
of the sad fact when she married me.

TIMOTHY TODD.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE REIGN OF COUPS.

The situation of France is always striking. This is because its people
are always being struck with a succession of Napoleonic ideas. They
labor, for example, under a constant _coup d'etat_. Their Press is the
victim of a regular _coup de main_; their Strikes are daily evidences of
_coups de mains_; their Legislature suffers continually from _coup de
theatre_; and their Emperor is perpetually threatened with a _coup de
grace_. The energies of Frenchmen are not imprisoned; no, they are only
_couped_.

       *       *       *       *       *

ELEVATED STATESMANSHIP--INSOBRIETY THE BEST POLICY.

Sir JOHN MACDONALD, the Premier of Canada, though an eccentric leader,
is a happy illustration of the most elevated statecraft. "He has been
drunk," says the Toronto _Globe_, "for several days, and incapacitated
for public affairs." Considering what Canadian affairs are (including
Sir JOHN,) this does not follow. Evidently it is not his policy to keep
sober. But Sir JOHN is often drunk, says the _Globe_; he was tight
before Prince ARTHUR, and he rushes to the bottle whenever the Fenians
give alarm. Now this strikes us as very good policy. It helps us to see
how convenient it was for Sir JOHN to magnify a few O'BRIENS and
O'SHAUGHNESSYS into an army with green banners, and how opportunely the
Dominion became intoxicated with its fears.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A POWERFUL PROTECTOR.

_Mother_. "WHY, ROSIE, HOW LATE YOU ARE TO-DAY!"

_Rosie_. "YES, MA, BUT I COULDN'T HELP IT. THERE WAS A POOR LITTLE GIRL
AT SCHOOL WHO HAD NO ONE TO TAKE CARE OF HER, AND SO I HAD TO SEE HER
HOME."]

       *       *       *       *       *

COMIC ZOOLOGY.

Order-Reptilia.

THE VIPER.

The supposition that this snake prefers a file to any other species of
nourishment is a vulgar error, and belongs to the same mendacious
category as the stories that ostriches are fond of ten-penny nails and
soldiers of hard tack. It is true that old files are sometimes bitten by
vipers in localities where these serpents abound, but in the lizard and
hop-toad they usually find metal more attractive. The viper, when in a
state of repose, is of an olive-brown color; but, if trodden upon, turns
rusty. He is about twenty-four inches in length, as you may see by
applying a two-foot rule to him, but it is a good rule to keep two feet
away from him. As a bosom friend he is not to be trusted--a fact in
natural history that was discovered many years ago by a green
countryman, who got into a bad box by placing a viper on his chest. It
is a peculiarity of this serpent, that when held suspended by his
posterior extremity he can not raise his head to a level with his tail.
In consequence of this provision in the economy of nature, he finds it
as impossible to make both ends meet as if he were a human prodigal. In
this respect he presents a marked contrast to the hoop-snake, which has
no more back-bone than a timid politician, and can put its tail in its
mouth, and roll in any direction with the utmost facility. The viper was
at one time supposed to have an envenomed tongue, and although this
error has been exploded, it is as well to avoid his jaw if possible, as,
when irritated, he is very snappish.

This snake, according to some naturalists, is oviparous, and according
to others viviparous; but all authorities agree that it is viperous in
the extreme. Serpents are generated in various ways; the horse-runner,
for instance, being derived from the fibres of horses' manes and tails,
which probably receive the breath of life in a mare's nest. That such is
the origin of the horse-runner the reader can verify for himself, by
putting a few horse hairs in a basin of water and watching them till
they begin to squirm. Possibly the shorter fibres from the _caput_ of an
African might in like manner produce vipers. The experiment is worth
trying. There are several varieties of the species in this country; the
most malignant and treacherous being the Political Vipers--snakes in
the grass--bred from the spawn of the Original Cockatrices, and a curse
to the land we live in.

       *       *       *       *       *

WOMAN IN THE CENSUS.

A fresh blow has been struck at Woman's Rights! Gallant ladies, eager to
cope with figures, have been compelled to yield to numbers--inferior
numbers at that! Man, the minority, remains the popular tyrant of
population. Women, the majority, don't count, can't count for any
thing--even for women--at least in the sense of being Census-takers; for
General WALKER has decided that Assistant Marshals LAVINIA PURLEAR and
SARAH BURGOYNE (hear it, shades of NEY and BLUCHER!) are ineligible to
such a warlike title. General WALKER is not firm in his mind that
Marshals PURLEAR and BURGOYNE [would it be as well to say Marshal WALKER
and Generals PURLEAR and BURGOYNE?] are feminine. "These appear to be
the names of women," he says. Why might they not be the names of men? Is
there no right or reason in these days of domestic revolution for men to
name themselves LAVINIA and SARAH if they like it, and their wives like
it? And suppose LAVINIA and SARAH that ought to be, or might have been,
choose to call themselves MAHALALEEL and METHUSALEM--who's to prevent?
Why should not the Rev. Mr.---- style himself Miss NANCY if he pleases?
Why should not the Hon. Mr.---- rechristen himself BETTY if he has a
mind to? H'm! A pretty pass we are coming to if these women folks who
ask men's rights and take men's names won't lend us theirs! And alas,
alas, ye lasses! What if some-day ye do indeed abstract our census, and
marshal us into helpless minority. What if we have to disguise
ourselves, and shave our beards, and change our names even to get on the
police! Or will ye--ye bullying Syrens!--grow whiskers and wear
pantaloons, and put us in station-houses, and clear us out of the Census
altogether?

       *       *       *       *       *

A LETTER FROM A FRIEND.

Friend PUNCHINELLO: Thee has doubtless sorrowed, in spite of thy motley,
with those bereft at Richmond. Circumstances made that disaster a
calamity which we have all felt in common. But thee knows that
"Blessings come often in disguise." Let us find what small comfort we
can in this thought.

Circumstances, however, alter cases. How different the feeling--how thin
the disguise would have been--had our Capitol fallen, at Harrisburg!
Before another Session we trust the proper spirit will move some
underpinning there, for the greater good of the Commonwealth. It was
formerly said that "Law is law;" but not even a Philadelphia lawyer now
knows what law is or what law is not--for "any thing" is law here
abouts. Of one result we may boast, if that be not sinful, we are ahead
of thy wicked city.. Thee had thy delinquent Tax Collector, _but thee
has him not_. We sorrowed, for we had him not, but now we rejoice in one
whose name is--not BAILEY--but HILL. We did not want him, but got him
involuntarily, as thee might get the small-pox.

Doubtless he will make it more up-Hill work than ever with our taxes,
but, if he would only shoulder them and be off, what a blessing? For,
verily, it cannot be said, as of old, that a man "heapeth up riches, and
knoweth not who shall gather them."

But, perhaps, thee pays taxes also? If so, thee can affirm to the
gatherer, as well as thy friend,

PHINEAS BRODBRIMME.

_Philadelphia, 5th month, 9th day, 1870._

       *       *       *       *       *

OLD IRON.

Somebody talks of the Iron Men of Congress. Does he mean the Cast-iron
members or the Pig-iron members? For instance there are the rusty
Heavy-weights, and then there are the fellows who are greedy about
Tariff. Members of the scrap-iron and ten-penny nail order are, of
course, not alluded to. All these are iron men, but, as every body
knows, are not men of Iron. In view of its rusty legislation and
legislators, we recommend Congress to hang out a sign--"Highest prices
paid here for old iron."

       *       *       *       *       *

Bar That!

The Toronto _Globe_ is at present treating the Premier of the Dominion
to a course of lectures, advising him not to get drunk so often as he
does. Now this is too much to expect, since the gentleman referred to
has, by virtue of his official position, the run of the Bar.

       *       *       *       *       *

CONDENSED CONGRESS.

SENATE.

MR. MORRILL expressed his views upon what he is pleased, for MORRILL is
mirthful in his heavy way, to designate the reduction of taxes. He said
that we had been for some time in a state of peace, and our expenses
were not so large as they had been. Therefore he thought we might leave
direct taxation alone. To be sure he was not prepared to suggest any
specific reductions in direct taxation. But, doubtless, they would be
made some day or other. In the meantime let us pile on the tariff. This
was his notion of reducing taxation. Let the importers and the consumers
who don't like it--

    Learn how sublime a thing it is
    To suffer and be strong.

Then the Senate betook itself to considering an appropriation for
educating the colored infant. Mr. WILSON strongly approved it, not only
on account of the colored infant, for whose education he did not in a
general way feel any particular solicitude, inasmuch as the less
educated he was, the likelier he would be to give his voice and vote to
him, (Mr. WILSON,) and his like; but also because the appropriation
would provide for a number of the supernumerary female school-teachers
of Massachusetts, who had become a great trial to him, and particularly
to his colleague, Mr. SUMNER.

Mr. SUMNER said "that's school," and explained that he believed he was
venerated by the women of Massachusetts, but that their reverence for
him was too great to allow them to approach him with importunities.
Nevertheless, he was in favor of the bill, as tending to break down the
accursed spirit of caste, and to disseminate throughout the South the
three or more R's which he had so often had the honor of reverberating
throughout the Senate.

Mr. YATES approved of the bill. It was his general principle to vote for
any thing that looked to the disbursement of money. He was particularly
in favor of this measure, because he wanted an uniform education for
every body. He didn't want any body else to know more than himself, and
he didn't want to know more than any body else. (Voices--You don't.)
Take spelling. There was only one correct method of spelling--the one
that he pursued. And yet he had never found any other person who agreed
with him in it. Evidently, this was not right. He demanded that the
children of the country should be taught to spell on proper principles,
so that his works might be intelligible to posterity, as they were not
to his contemporaries.

Of course Mr. SUMNER seized the occasion to quote crowds of authorities
on education, which debilitated the Senate to a dissolution.

HOUSE.

Mr. LYNCH wanted to revive American commerce in behalf of the
ship-builders of Maine. If he were a judge, as a celebrated namesake of
his once was, he would do it by hanging a majority of members of the
House he had the honor of addressing. In default of that he wanted them
to legislate sensibly upon it.

Of course nobody paid any attention to the suggestion. The House did
itself credit by refusing one land-grab, out of a thousand or so
submitted.

Mr. BUTLER actually produced again his bill to annex San Domingo, and
refused to be comforted, because every body laughed.

Then came up the Tariff. COVODE said he supposed it would be admitted
that he had as little regard for the right and wrong of the thing as any
body. But this thing had really gone so far that any man with any regard
for his re-election must protest. Nobody but SCHENCK and KELLEY cared
about the tariff. Every body cared about the taxes.

SCHENCK could not regard COVODE with any other sentiment than disgust.
He wanted a duty upon foreign oysters. The oyster of Long Island and the
oyster of New-Jersey ought not to be trodden down by the pauper oysters
of Europe.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

Personal advertisements having reference to the matrimonial exigencies
of divers widows, old maids, and bachelors, are not without their
influence upon the sympathies of the age. Particular attention has been
recently directed toward an announcement made in a Cleveland paper to
the effect that "Two widow ladies, strangers in Cleveland, wish to form
the acquaintance of a limited number of gentlemen with a view to happy
results. Please address in confidence,--."

One involuntarily regrets that a prospect thus bounded by an horizon of
"happy results" should have been confined to a "limited number of
gentlemen".

There is nothing so calculated to impair the usefulness of what purports
to be a purely benevolent enterprise, as its selfishness. If a widow, or
any number of widows, really possess the means of realizing "happy
results" with a "limited number of gentlemen," they should either remove
the limitation themselves, or make known the secret to those who would
be less sparing of the joys which it is capable of communicating. A
quack who peddles a valuable remedy upon which he may have stumbled, and
yet refuses to disclose its ingredients for the benefit of the whole
medical fraternity, violates the _esprit du corps_ of the profession,
and is by general consent deemed a fit person to be kicked out of it.
Therefore, if any widows or single ladies in Cleveland have knowledge of
any "happy results" which they advertise to share with a limited number
of gentlemen, we shall deem them unworthy of their sex, unless they
explain the process by which these results are attained, for the benefit
of those who are fast verging toward the autumnal stage of maidenhood.

       *       *       *       *       *

It may well be doubted whether the thought ever occurred to ADAM that
one day or other a hen would be charged with the care and custody of a
brood of goslings. The pastimes of Eden were perhaps not favorable to
vaticinations in the line of Natural History, but in the progress of the
world since those most primitive times, men have come to contemplate the
spectacle of that familiar barn-yard fowl made wretched by the aquatic
propensities of her supposed offspring, without a particle of
astonishment. The wicked and unfeeling even go so far as to seek
amusement in her misery. Her "ducklings" and other symptoms of maternal
agony at beholding the feathered darlings tempting the dangers of a
neighboring duck-pond, do not move their stony breasts. On the contrary,
they decidedly relish that sort of thing, and greet with positive
hilarity the efforts of some sympathizing rooster to cheer her. Fie,
upon such natures! If they must have an outlet for their ribaldry, let
them take PUNCHINELLO'S advice and select such instances as that
recently furnished in Sacramento, where a hen took charge of a nest of
kittens, and resolutely maintained it against the parent cat. Here the
case was different. The hen had become a trespasser. She had no business
with kittens. There was no hypothesis by which she could claim them as
her own. Kittens are not hereditary in the family of fowls, and she knew
it. It was an usurpation without any pretext of justification. What
would become of us if such a precedent could be extended to the genus
_Mammalia?_ Hundreds of rapacious old maids would be seizing all sorts
and all sizes of babies from agonized mothers, and asserting for
themselves the hallowed duties of maternity. Our infant days would have
been days of ceaseless motion. We should have been shuttle-cocked from
maiden to mother and from mother to maiden after a fashion calculated to
defeat the wise purposes of ipecac and paregoric, and to frighten our
natural curls into a state of painful perpendicularity. The mere
presentment of such a possibility, carries its refutation, and puts the
aggressions of this Sacramento hen in the category of outrages which all
society is banded to suppress. If you must laugh, O generation of
scoffers, make your jokes and gibes the instrument of protecting the
altars of all such feline households as may be thus assailed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Flag and Rag.

What is the difference between a railroad danger signal and a lost
pocket-handkerchief?

The one is a red flag, the other is a fled rag.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: SOCIAL SCIENCE.

_Lecturer._ "THERE IS A CUMULATIVE APPROXIMATIVENESS, SO TO SPEAK, A
PERIOD WHEN THE RECALCITRANT CORPUSCLES BEGIN TO "-------

_Stenographer._ "CON-FOUND THE FELLOW! I KNEW HE'D BREAK MY PENCIL WITH
HIS INFERNAL JAW-SMASHERS!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

FOREIGN CORRESPONDENCE.

[BY ATLANTIC CABLE.]

ROME.

Being uneasy about our agent's course at the Vatican, I have come over
to Rome to see about it. He is an Irishman, with a little of Father TOM
in him, and has got into a "controversy" with his Holiness about
infallibility. Our African bishop (otherwise PHELIM BURKE) insists that
PUNCHINELLO is infallible! The Pope says this is ridiculous! Father
PHELIM replies that "there are two that can play that same game." I
found them in the midst of this when ANTONELLI ushered me into the Papal
presence. PIUS was up on his feet, talking Latin like a crack student of
the Propaganda. PHELIM had his sleeves rolled up. ANTONELLI, with a
"_Pax vobiscum_" got the two contending powers quieted down; and, after
a proper salutation from me, we began our talk. His Holiness is not much
on English. Says he, "I speak vat-I-can English." Had he said _non
possumus_ to it, it would have been better. However, PHELIM translated
him; so we got on.

"Your Holiness enjoys, I hope, a good constitution?"

"The _constitutio de fide_ is, indeed, very good. Catholics must every
where subscribe to it."

"Dr. DOLLINGER, I trust, don't disturb your appetite?" "_Anathema
maranatha!_" which means (said PHELIM,) "Oh no, I never mention him."
Whereupon PHELIM, who had breakfasted on gin-and-milk, began to hum that
tune. I at once trod upon his toe, and he stopped.

"On the whole, what does your Holiness think of the prospect?"

"From this window, it is very fine. But I'm getting a little
dim-sighted.

"Don't you see that crowd of people coming up?"

"No I don't--it's only a herd of cattle from the Campagna."

"Take my glass. There, now; don't you see, I am right?"

"Yes," and the old man crossed himself, "It is so; I was mistaken."

"Thrue for you!" gobbled out PHELIM; "we've got to make a note of that!
PUNCHINELLO never made the likes of a mistake!"

"But, _what's in your glass?_ I see strange men there. GARIBALDI, and
MAZZINI, and HYACINTHE, STROSSMEYER, DOLLINGER, DUPANLOUP, and CUMMING,
all together! I see a troop of schoolmasters; a larger one of
newspaper-venders; and a whole army of _colporteurs_, each with a bag of
Bibles on his back! And, what do I see? They enter ST. PETER'S; they
leave the door wide open. Did I hear it? They are singing LUTHER'S
Hymn!"

The old man fell now into his seat, and I took the glass from him. "Only
one of his attacks," said ANTONELLI. "He is not quite so strong as he
was." "Thrue again," said PHELIM. With that sense of propriety for which
your representative has over been distinguished, I took PHELIM by the
arm and retired.

Poor Pius! He means well, and if we only had him for a while out West,
where I came from, we might make something sensible out of him yet. But,
when a man will live so far away from the Rocky Mountains as away over
here, what can be expected? We can't civilize the whole world at once.

Father PHELIM, by the way, is to be proposed as the new King of Spain.
His father's uncle's second cousin by the mother's side partook of a
good deal of BOURBON. That's reason enough, you know especially as they
only want a King LOG.

FRANCE.

Those infernal machines, so called, with--which the Emperor was supposed
to be about to be blown up, turn out to have been pewter plates. Out of
one of them the bottom had been cut, and the edges rolled up; and this
gave rise to a terrible suspicion. Two thousand people have been
arrested in consequence.

That _Press Ass_ has been at his blunders again. He telegraphed to me
that a conspiracy was afloat to enact a kind of petticoat government. He
meant to tell me some gossip about Madame PATTI-CAUX. Then he wanted me
to believe that the "smaller catechism" talked about at Rome was the
catechizing of SMALLEY of the Tribune, concerning GUSTAVE FLOURENS. That
man never will learn. PRIME.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN                   |
  |                                                              |
  | READY-MADE PARIS AND DOMESTIC SILK, POPLIN, BAREGE, MUSLIN,  |
  |                         PIQUE, LINEN                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        LAWN DRESSES.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    Paris-Made Silk Sacks and Cosacks. Ladies' Embroidered    |
  |                      Breakfast Jackets.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         A CHOICE VARIETY OF LADIES' UNDERWEAR, ETC.          |
  |                                                              |
  |   PARIS AND DOMESTIC MADE LADIES' HATS, BONNETS, FEATHERS,   |
  | FLOWERS, TRIMMING RIBBONS, _Magnificent Sash Ribbons, Velvet |
  |                     Ribbons, etc., etc._                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              Fourth Ave., Ninth and Tenth Sts.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ARE OFFERING                         |
  |                                                              |
  |             100 pieces Plaid and Striped Spring              |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                 100 pieces Grisaille Silks.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |            ROUBAIX SILKS, HIGH LUSTER, ESPECIALLY            |
  |                   ADAPTED TO SUMMER WEAR.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 FRESH GOODS, JUST RECEIVED.                  |
  |                  $1.50 and $1.75 per yard.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                   A LARGE LOT OF JOB SILKS                   |
  |               OF AN EXTRA QUALITY AND LUSTER,                |
  |                   From $1 PER YARD UPWARD;                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  LESS THAN HALF THEIR COST.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |              PLAIN BLACK TAFFETAS, GROS GRAINS,              |
  |                      FAILLE, etc., etc.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  At Greatly Reduced Prices.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |         MOIRE ANTIQUE SILKS, WIDE, ONLY $3 PER YARD.         |
  |                                                              |
  |        PARIS CHAMBERY GAUZES, 70c. PER YARD, UPWARD.         |
  |                                                              |
  |          CREPES DE CHINE FOR DRESSES AND TRIMMINGS,          |
  |                     ONLY $3.75 PER YARD.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 4th Ave., 9th and 10th Sts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               ARE RECEIVING BY STEAMERS, etc.,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                 NEWEST AND LATEST DESIGNS IN                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                    MOQUETTES, AXMINSTERS,                    |
  |                        ROYAL WILTONS,                        |
  |                        BODY BRUSSELS,                        |
  |                     Crossley's Velvets,                      |
  |                      Tapestry Brussels,                      |
  |                          etc., etc.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |            AND THEY HAVE OPENED THEIR LAST PARCEL            |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    ENGLISH BODY BRUSSELS,                    |
  |                       AT $2 PER YARD,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ROYAL WILTONS,                        |
  |                    $2.50 AND $3 PER YARD,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                         AXMINSTERS,                          |
  |                    $2.50 AND $4 PER YARD.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |  To which they particularly request the attention of their   |
  |                  customers and the public.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |             HOUSEKEEPING GOODS IN EVERY VARIETY,             |
  |                   AT VERY POPULAR PRICES.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           Fourth Avenue, Ninth and Tenth Streets.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              HAVE REPLENISHED ALL THEIR POPULAR              |
  |          STOCK OF DRESS GOODS, AT 25c. PER YARD AND          |
  |                           UPWARD.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |              THE BEST IN QUALITY AND LOWEST IN               |
  |                      PRICE YET OFFERED.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           Fourth Avenue, Ninth and Tenth Streets.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           SPECIAL                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    PUNCHINELLO PREMIUMS.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 By special arrangement with                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       L. PRANG & CO.,                        |
  |                                                              |
  | we offer the following Elegant Premiums for new Subscribers  |
  |                       to PUNCHINELLO:                        |
  |                                                              |
  |    "Awakening." (A Litter of Puppies.) Half Chromo, size,    |
  | 8-3/8 by 11-1/8, price $2.00, and a copy of PUNCHINELLO for  |
  |                     one year, for $4.00.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |    "Wild Roses." Chromo, 12-1/8 by 9, price $3.00, or any    |
  | other $3.00 Chromo, and a copy of the paper for one year for |
  |                            $5.00.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |      "The Baby in Trouble." Chromo, 13 by 16-1/4, price      |
  |  $6.00 or any other at $6.00, or any two Chromos at $3.00,   |
  |       and a copy of the paper for one year, for $6.00.       |
  |                                                              |
  |      "Sunset,--California Scenery," after A. Bierstadt,      |
  | 18-1/8 by 12, price $10.00, or any other $10.00 Chromo, and  |
  |   a copy of the paper for one year for $10.00. Or the four   |
  |  Chromes, and four copies of the paper for one year in one   |
  |            order, for clubs of FOUR, for $23.00.             |
  |                                                              |
  |  We will send to any one a printed list of L. PRANG & CO.'S  |
  | Chromos, from which a selection can be made, if the above is |
  | not satisfactory, and are prepared to make special terms for |
  |             clubs to any amount, and to agents.              |
  |                                                              |
  |  Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,   |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter in advance; |
  |    the CHROMOS will be _mailed free_ on receipt of money.    |
  |                                                              |
  |  Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank  |
  | Checks on New-York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  |    sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not    |
  |                      otherwise ordered.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |   Now is the time to subscribe, as these Premiums will be    |
  |       offered for a limited time only. On receipt of a       |
  |    postage-stamp we will send a copy of No. 1 to any one     |
  |                  desiring to get up a club.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |       P.O. Box 2783.   No. 83 Nassau Street, New-York.       |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: "GREAT BARE-BACK PERFORMANCE BY THE STAR EQUESTRIENNE."

_Rural Old Lady_. "BARE-BACK, INDEED!--THAT'S NO WORD FOR IT, MY DEAR!"]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BLANK DOOR Manufactuars,                   |
  |               STATIONERS Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                      CARD Manufactuars,                      |
  |                    ENVELOPE Manufactuars,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77 and 79 PINE ST., New-York.             |
  |                                                              |
  |  ADVANTAGES: All on the same premises, and under immediate   |
  |               supervision of the proprietors.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 Bowling Green Savings-Bank,                  |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |          Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents to Ten          |
  |             Thousand Dollars, will be received.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six Per Cent Interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the first of every month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  HENRY SMITH, _President_.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_.                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  SARATOGA "A" SPRING WATER.                  |
  |                                                              |
  | A POSITIVE CURE FOR HEADACHES A GREAT REMEDY FOR INDIGESTION |
  |    AND DYSPEPSIA.--Keeps the blood cool and regulates the    |
  |  stomach. Persons subject to headache can insure themselves  |
  |   freedom from this malady by drinking it liberally in the   |
  |                  morning before breakfast.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |  PRANG'S CHROMOS are celebrated for their close resemblance  |
  |   to oil paintings. Sold in all Art Stores throughout the    |
  |                            world.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |     PRANG'S LATEST CHROMOS: "Four Seasons" by J.M. Hart.     |
  |  Illustrated Catalogues sent free on receipt of stamp by L.  |
  |                     PRANG & CO., Boston.                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        PROSPECTUS OF                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                     POMEROY'S DEMOCRAT.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOR 1870                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           UNPARALLELED INDUCEMENTS FOR SUBSCRIBERS           |
  |                                                              |
  | POMEROY'S DEMOCRAT for 1870 will be the best newspaper ever  |
  |      printed. It has now a larger circulation than ever      |
  | before--the largest circulation of any political paper ever  |
  | printed, and is now so firmly established it can not by any  |
  |                     possible means fail.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  Mr. Pomeroy, Editor and Proprietor, will devote his entire  |
  |  time and attention to editorial and literary labor for THE  |
  |   DEMOCRAT alone, each week adding to the power, interest,   |
  |  worth, and variety of the reading matter it will contain.   |
  |  With the people to back him--abundant means of his own at   |
  |   his disposal, he is devoting his life to this paper, the   |
  |    people who support it, the cause it advocates, and the    |
  |   principles it defends, without fear, favor, or hope for    |
  |                           reward.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |               Read the terms and inducements!                |
  |                                                              |
  |  In addition to its political worth, THE DEMOCRAT will each  |
  |                        week contain:                         |
  |                                                              |
  |         Pomeroy's Saturday Night Chapters. Letters of        |
  |  Correspondence. Editorials on different topics. Pomeroy's   |
  |  Social Chat with Friends. Terrance McGrant's Letters. Full  |
  |    Market Produce, and Money Reports. A Splendid Masonic     |
  |    Department. Happenings Here and There. Brief Items of     |
  | Satire, News, Sarcasm, and Burlesque. Discriptive Letters of |
  |  Travels. Occasional "Pomeroy Pictures of New York Life." A  |
  |             First-Class Agricultural Department.             |
  |                                                              |
  |  In short, everything to make it the best and most readable  |
  |                 paper in the United States.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |   Politically it will be Democratic--red-hot and reliable    |
  |     earnest and continuous in its war against the bonded     |
  |  interest of the country, and determined in its labors for   |
  | that earnest Democracy, which believes in the _restoration_  |
  |       and not the _reconstruction_ of the Government.        |
  |                                                              |
  |   Thankful to those who, in every State of the Union, and    |
  | almost every county of the United States, have so generously |
  |  sustained THE DEMOCRAT before its removal to New-York, and  |
  |  since, we offer the following premiums--as an evidence of   |
  |       gratitude to those who forward from time to time       |
  |                         subscribers:                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              SINGLE COPIES, per year ... $2.50               |
  |                                                              |
  |   TEN COPIES. one year to one post-office (we writing the    |
  |  names of subscribers on each paper), and one copy for the   |
  |       year to the one who sends us the club ... $20.00       |
  |                                                              |
  |  TWENTY COPIES. one year to one post-office (we writing the  |
  | names of subscribers on each paper), with an extra copy for  |
  |     the year, and a copy of each of Pomeroy's two books,     |
  |  "Sense," and "Nonsense," to the getter-up of the club ...   |
  |                            $40.00                            |
  |                                                              |
  |  THIRTY COPIES. one year to one post-office (we writing the  |
  |  names of subscribers on each paper), with two extra copies  |
  |   for the year, and a copy of each of Pomeroy's two books,   |
  |     "Sense," and "Nonsense," and "Saturday Night," just      |
  |      published to the getter-up of the club ... $60.00       |
  |                                                              |
  |         WILCOX AND GIBBS SEWING MACHINES AS PREMIUMS         |
  |                                                              |
  |     For fifty-six subscribers, with $112, a $56 machine.     |
  |                                                              |
  |       For sixty subscribers, with $120, a $60 machine.       |
  |                                                              |
  |    For sixty-five subscribers, with $130, a $65 machine.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   For one-hundred subscribers, with $200, a $100 machine.    |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       IMPORTANT NOTICE                       |
  |                                                              |
  |   If you can not conveniently raise subscribers enough to    |
  |  entitle you to a machine, as a premium, send what you can,  |
  |    with two dollars for each subscriber so sent, and the     |
  |  balance in cash for such priced machine as you so desire,   |
  |   when the paper and the machine will be sent as directed.   |
  |                                                              |
  |  For example, where thirty subscribers and $60 are sent, it  |
  |   will require $26 in cash in addition to the subscription   |
  |  money to purchase a $56 machine; or, for forty subscribers  |
  |   and $80, sixteen dollars additional will be required to    |
  |   purchase the same priced machine, and son in proportion.   |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer these unrivalled machines, believing them to be the |
  |     simplest, most durable, useful, and desirable sewing     |
  | machines in the world, with a view to giving workingmen, or  |
  |  deserving woman a chance to obtain a machine for much less  |
  |            money than in any other possible way.             |
  |                                                              |
  |    There is hardly a township in the United States, but a    |
  |    person can, in a day or two, earn for himself a family    |
  | machine, actually worth the price asked for it--the same as  |
  | sold at, when purchased of Wilcox & Gibbs, the manufactures. |
  |                                                              |
  | In many cases a few gentlemen might, by sending their names  |
  |  to us as subscribers, receive for themselves THE DEMOCRAT   |
  |    each week, and a machine for some poor widow or other     |
  |    deserving woman, thus giving her the power to care for    |
  |          herself and family, and live independant.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Each machine we send out will be _perfect_, and of the very  |
  |                            best.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | Address all letters on business connected with the office to |
  |    C.P. Sykes, Publisher, P.O. Box 5,217, New-York City.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   Letters on political matters should be addressed to M.M.   |
  |  Pomeroy, and if the writer wishes them to be seen only by   |
  |  the person to whom they are address, they should be marked  |
  | private, when, if Mr. Pomeroy is not in the city, they will  |
  | be forwarded to him immediately by mail, express, or special |
  |                          messenger.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     In ordering papers, be careful to write the names of     |
  |   subscribers with the post-office, county, and state very   |
  |  plain, that there may be no mistakes in entering names or   |
  |                      forwarding papers.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Retail price of the paper when sold by newsdealers or     |
  |                     newsboys, SIX CENTS                      |
  |                                                              |
  |        Additions can be made to clubs at $2 per year.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 _Specimen Copies sent free_                  |
  |                                                              |
  | In forwarding sums of money for clubs of subscribers, drafts |
  |    or money orders should always be used, as, if lost or     |
  |  stolen, they can be duplicated, and no financial loss will  |
  |           be sustained by the parties interested.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |       C.P. SYKES, Publisher, Box 5,217, New-York City.       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

S. W. GREEN, PRINTER, CORNER JACOB AND FRANKFORT STREETS.











End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 9, May 28,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 9 ***

***** This file should be named 10013.txt or 10013.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10013/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 18, July 30, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 18, July 30, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10014]
[Date last updated: October 14, 2005]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 18 ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO",                        |
  |                                                              |
  |  to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent post-paid,  |
  |                 on receipt of One Dollar, by                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J.M. SPRAGUE                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Is the Authorized Agent of                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           For the                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     New England States,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  To Procure Subscriptions,                   |
  |                  and to Employ Canvassers.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol. I. No. 18

PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, JULY 30, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,
By ORPHEUS C. KERR,
Continued in this Number.


[Sidenote: See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO".                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ROOM NO. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street.                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 A NEW AND MUCH-NEEDED BOOK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MATERNITY.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A POPULAR TREATISE                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 For Young Wives and Mothers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        BY T.S. VERDI, A.M., M.D., OF WASHINGTON, D.C.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |    DR. VERDI is a well-known and successful Homoeopathic     |
  |   Practitioner, of thorough scientific training and large    |
  | experience. His book has arisen from a want felt in his own  |
  |   practice, as a Monitor to Young Wives, a Guide to Young    |
  | Mothers, and an assistant to the family physician. It deals  |
  | skilfully, sensibly, and delicately with the perplexities of |
  |   early married life, as connected with the holy duties of   |
  | Maternity, giving information which women must have, either  |
  |  in conversation with physicians, or from such a source as   |
  |    this--evidently the preferable mode of learning, for a    |
  |  delicate and sensitive woman. Plain and intelligible, but   |
  |  without offense to the most fastidious taste, the style of  |
  |  this book must commend it to careful perusal. It treats of  |
  | the needs, dangers, and alleviations of the time of travail; |
  |  and gives extended detailed instructions for the care and   |
  | medical treatment of infants and children throughout all the |
  |                    perils of early life.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  As a Mother's Manual, it will have a large sale, and as a   |
  |  book of special and reliable information on very important  |
  |            topics, it will be heartily welcomed.             |
  |                                                              |
  |   Handsomely printed on laid paper: bevelled boards, extra   |
  |        English cloth, 12mo., 450 pages. Price $2.25.         |
  |                                                              |
  |  _For sale by all Booksellers, or will be sent post-paid on  |
  |                   receipt of the price by_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 J.B. FORD & CO., Publishers,                 |
  |                    39 Park Row, New York.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       What it is Not.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                                                              |
  |Merely a small student's sheet,     But is the largest in N.E.|
  |Merely of interest to college men,  But to every one,         |
  |Merely a COLLEGE paper,             But is a scientific paper,|
  |Merely a local paper,               But is cosmopolitan,      |
  |Merely scientific and educational,  But is literary,          |
  |An experiment,                      But an established weekly |
  |Conducted by students,              But by graduates,         |
  |Stale and dry,                      But fresh and interesting |
  |                                                              |
  |               It circulates in every College.                |
  |         It circulates in every Professional School.          |
  |          It circulates in every Preparatory School.          |
  |      It circulates in every State in the United States.      |
  |          It circulates in every civilized country.           |
  |             It circulates among all College men.             |
  |           It circulates among all Scientific men.            |
  |         It circulates among the educated everywhere.         |
  |                                                              |
  |               July 1st a new volume commences.               |
  |           July 1st 10,000 new subscribers wanted.            |
  |        July 1st excellent illustrations will appear.         |
  |        July 1st 10,000 specimen copies to be issued.         |
  |            July 1st is a good time to subscribe.             |
  |         July 1st or any time send stamp for a copy.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |One year, in advance,   -    -    -    -    -   -   -    $4.00|
  |Single copies (for sale by all newsdealers),     -   -     .10|
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address                            |
  |                     THE COLLEGE COURANT,                     |
  |                       New Haven, Conn.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        NEWS DEALERS.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                   And at WATERING PLACES,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and Saleable  |
  |                            Work.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING & CO.,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALER.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for June,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              Begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing     |
  |     Houses, can have the same forwarded by inclosing two     |
  |                           Stamps.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P.O. Box 2783.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 Broadway,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |     _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents to Ten Thousand     |
  |                  Dollars will be received_.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |        Six per Cent interest, Free of Government Tax         |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_.                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |              Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Pres              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     23 Platt Street, and                     |
  |                      20-22 Gold Street,                      |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845.]                       |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         DIBBLEEANIA                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Japonica Juice,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        FOR THE HAIR.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    The most effective Soothing and Stimulating Compounds     |
  |              ever offered to the public for the              |
  |                                                              |
  |               Removal of Scurf, Dandruff, &c.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  For consultation, apply at                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      WILLIAM DIBBLEE'S,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |             Ladies' Hair Dresser and Wig Maker.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                   854 BROADWAY, N.Y. City.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |            The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and            |
  |          Daniel Drew, commencing May 31, will leave          |
  |  Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m.,   |
  |          landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and Tarrytown           |
  |        by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,        |
  |              Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck,              |
  |        Bristol, Catskill, Hudson, and New-Baltimore.         |
  |             A special train of broad-gauge cars              |
  |    in connection with the day boats will leave on arrival    |
  |          at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon           |
  |          Springs. Fare $4.25 from New York and for           |
  |      Cherry Valley.  The Steamboat Seneca will transfer      |
  |               passengers from Albany to Troy.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      ESTABLISHED 1866.                       |
  |          JAS R. NICHOLS, M.D.   WM. J. ROLFE. A.M.           |
  |                           Editors                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Boston Journal of Chemistry.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Devoted to the Science of                   |
  |                          HOME LIFE,                          |
  |             The Arts, Agriculture, and Medicine.             |
  |                       $1.00 Per Year.                        |
  |      _Journal and Punchinello (without Premium)._ $4.00      |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SEND FOR SPECIMEN-COPY                    |
  |                Address--JOURNAL OF CHEMISTRY,                |
  |                 150 CONGRESS STREET, BOSTON.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Room No. 11,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE
MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION,

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.


CHAPTER XII.

A NIGHT OF IT WITH MCLAUGHLIN.

Judge SWEENEY, with a certain supercilious consciousness that he is
figuring in a novel, and that it will not do for him to thwart the
eccentricities of mysterious fiction by any commonplace deference to the
mere meteorological weaknesses of ordinary human nature, does not allow
the fact that late December is a rather bleak and cold time of year to
deter him from taking daily airings in the neighborhood of the
Ritualistic churchyard. Since the inscription of his epitaph on his late
wife upon her monument therein, the churchyard is to him a kind of
ponderous work of imagination with marble leaves, to which he has
contributed the most brilliant chapter; and when he sees any stranger
hovering about a part of the outer railings from whence the inscription
may be read, it is with all the swelling pride of an author who, having
procured the publication of some dreary article in a magazine, is thrown
into an ecstacy of vanity if he sees but one person glance at that
number of the periodical on a news-stand.

Since his first meeting with Mr. BUMSTEAD, on the evening of the
epitaph-reading, Judge SWEENEY has cultivated that gentleman's
acquaintance, and been received at his lodgings several times with
considerable cordiality and lemon-tea. On such occasions, Mr. BUMSTEAD,
in his musical capacity, has sung so closely in Judge SWEENEY'S ear as
to tickle him, a wild and slightly incoherent Ritualistic stave, to the
effect that Saint PETER'S of Rome, with pontifical dome, would by ballot
Infallible be; but for making Call sure, and Election secure, Saint
Repeater's of Rum beats the See. With finger in ear to allay the
tickling sensation, JUDGE SWEENEY declares that this young man smelling
of cloves is a person of great intellectual attainments, and understands
the political genius of his country well enough to make an excellent
Judge of Election.

Walking slowly near the churchyard on this particular freezing December
evening, with his hands behind his bank, and his eyes intent for any
envious husband who may be "with a rush retiring," monumentally
counselled, after reading the Epitaph, Judge SWEENEY suddenly comes upon
Father DEAN conversing with SMYTHE, the sexton, and Mr. BUMSTEAD. Bowing
to these three, who, like himself, seem to find real luxury in open-air
strolling on a bitter night in midwinter, he notices that his model, the
Ritual Rector, is wearing a new hat, like Cardinal's, only black, and is
immediately lost in wondering where he can obtain one like it short of
Rome.

"You look so much like an author, Mr. BUMSTEAD, in having no overcoat,
wearing your paper collar upside down, and carrying a pen behind your
ear," Father DEAN is saying, "that I can almost fancy you are about to
write a book about us. Well, Bumsteadville is just the place to furnish
a nice, dry, inoffensive domestic novel in the sedative vein."

After two or three ineffectual efforts to seize the end of it, which he
seems to think is an inch or two higher than its actual position, Mr.
BUMSTEAD finally withdraws from between his right ear and head a long
and neatly cut hollow straw.

"This is not a pen, Holy Father," he answers, after a momentary glance
of majestic severity at Mr. SMYTHE, who has laughed. "It is only a
simple instrument which I use, as a species of syphon, in certain
chemical experiments with sliced tropical fruit and glass-ware. In the
precipitation of lemon-slices into cut crystal, it is necessary for the
liquid medium to be exhausted gradually; and, after using this cylinder
of straw for the purpose about an hour ago, I must have placed it behind
my ear in a moment of absent-mindedness."

"Ah, I see," said Father DEAN, although he didn't. "But what is this,
Judge SWEENEY, respecting your introduction of MCLAUGHLIN to Mr.
BUMSTEAD, which I have heard about?"

"Why, your Reverence, I consider JOHN MCLAUGHLIN a Character," responds
the Judge, "and thought our young friend of the organ-loft might like to
study him."

"The truth is," explains Mr. BUMSTEAD, "that Judge SWEENEY put into my
head to do a few pauper graves with JOHN MCLAUGHLIN, some moonlight
night, for the mere oddity and dampness of the thing.--And I should
regret to believe," added Mr. BUMSTEAD, raising his voice as saw that
the judiciary was about to interrupt--"And I should really be loathe to
believe that Judge SWEENEY was not perfectly sober when he did so."

"Oh, yes--certainly--I remember--to be sure," exclaims the Judge, in
great haste; alarmed into speedy assent by the construction which he
perceives would be put upon a denial. "I remember it very distinctly. I
remember putting it into your head--by the tumblerful, if I remember
rightly."

"Profiting by your advice," continues Mr. BUMSTEAD, oblivious to the
last sentence, I am going out to-night, in search of the moist and
picturesque, with JOHN MCLAUGHLIN--"

"Who is here," says Father DEAN.

OLD MORTARITY, dinner-kettle in hand and more mortary than ever, indeed
seen approaching them with shuffling gait. Bowing to the Holy Father, he
is about to pass on, when Judge SWEENEY stops him with--

"You must be very careful with your friend, BUMSTEAD, this evening, JOHN
MCLAUGHLIN, and see that he don't fall and break his neck."

"Never you worry about Mr. BUMSTEAD, Judge," growls OLD MORTARITY. "He
can walk further off the perpendicklar without tumbling than any
gentleman I ever see."

"Of course I can, JOHN MCLAUGHLIN," says Mr. BUMSTEAD, checking another
unseemly laugh of Mr. SMYTHE'S with a dreadful frown. "I often practice
walking sideways, for the purpose of developing the muscles on that
side. The left side is always the weaker, and the hip a trifle lower, if
one does not counteract the difference by walking sideways
occasionally."

A great deal of unnecessary coughing, which follows this physiological
exposition, causes Mr. BUMSTEAD to breathe hard at them all for a
moment, and tread with great malignity upon Mr. SMYTHE'S nearest corn.

While yet the sexton is groaning, OLD MORTARITY whispers to the
Ritualistic organist that he will be ready for him at the appointed hour
to-night, and shuffles away. After which Mr. BUMSTEAD, with the I hollow
straw sticking out fiercely from his ear, privately offers to see Father
DEAN home if he feels at all dizzy; and, being courteously refused,
retires down the turnpike toward his own lodgings with military
precision of step.

When night falls upon the earth like a drop of ink upon the word Sun,
and the stars glitter like the points of so many poised gold pens all
ready to write the softer word Moon above the blot, the organist of St.
Cow's sits in his own room, where his fire keeps-up a kind of aspenish
twilight, and executes upon his accordeon a series of wild and mutilated
airs. The moistened towel which he often wears when at home is turbaned
upon his head, causing him to present a somewhat Turkish appearance; and
as, when turning a particularly complicated corner in an air, it is his
artistic habit to hold his tongue between his teeth, twist his head in
sympathy with the elaborate fingering, and involuntarily lift one foot
higher and higher from the floor as some skittish note frantically
dodges to evade him, his general musical aspect at his own hearth is
that of a partially Oriental gentleman, agonizingly laboring to cast
from him some furious animal full of strange sounds. Thus engaging in
desperate single combat with what, for making a ferocious fight before
any recognizable tune can he rescued from it, is, perhaps, the most
exhausting instrument known to evening amateurs and maddened
neighborhoods, Mr. BUMSTEAD passes three athletic hours. At the end of
that time, after repeatedly tripping-up its exasperated organist over
wrong keys in the last bar, the accordeon finally relinquishes the
concluding note with a dismal whine of despair, and retires in complete
collapse to its customary place of waiting. Then the conquering
performer changes his towel for a hat which would look better if it had
not been so often worn in bed, places an antique black bottle in one
pocket of his coat and a few cloves in the other; hangs an unlighted
lantern before him by a cord passing about his neck, and, with his
umbrella under his arm, goes softly down stairs and out of the house.

Repairing to the marble-yard and home of OLD MORTARITY, which are on the
outskirts of Bumsteadville, he wanders through mortar-heaps, monuments
brought for repair, and piles of bricks, toward a whitewashed residence
of small demensions with a light at the window.

"JOHN McLAUGHLIN, ahoy!"

In response, the master of the mansion promptly opens the door, and it
is then perceptible that his basement, parlor, spare-bedroom and attic
are all on one floor, and that a couple of pigs are spending the season
with him. Showing his visitor into this ingeniously condensed
establishment, he induces the pigs to retire to a corner, and then dons
his hat.

"Are you ready, JOHN MCLAUGHLIN?"

"Please the pigs, I am, Mr. BUMSTEAD," answers MCLAUGHLIN, taking down
from a hook a lantern, which, like his companion's, he hangs from his
neck by a cord. "My spirits is equal to any number of ghosts to-night,
sir, if we meet 'em."

"Spirits!" ejaculates the Ritualistic organist, shifting his umbrella
for a moment while he hurriedly draws the antique bottle from his
pocket. "You're nervous to-night, J. MCLAUGHLIN, and need a little of
the venerable JAMES AKER'S West Indian Restorative.--I'll try it first
to make sure that I haven't mistaken the phial."

He rests the elongated orifice of the diaphanous flask upon his lips for
a brief interval of critical inspection, and then applies it
thoughtfully to the mouth of OLD MORTARITY.

"Some more! Some more!" pleads the aged MCLAUGHLIN, when the Jamaican
nervine is abruptly jerked from his lips.

"Silence! Com on," is the stern response of the other, who, as he moves
from the house, and restores the crystal antiquity to its proper pocket,
eats a few cloves by stealth. His manner plainly shows that he is
offended at the quantity the old man has managed to swallow already.

Strange indeed is the ghastly expedition to the place of skulls, upon
which these two go thus by night. Not strange, perhaps, for Mr.
MCLAUGHLIN, whose very youth in New York, where he was an active
politician, found him a frequent nightly familiar of the Tombs; but
strange for the organist, who, although often grave in his manner,
sepulchral in his tones, and occasionally addicted to coughin', must be
curiously eccentric to wish to pass into concert that evening with the
dead heads.

Transfixed by his umbrella, which makes him look like a walking cross
between a pair of boots and a hat, Mr. BUMSTEAD leads the way athwart
the turnpike and several fields, until they have arrived at a low wall
skirting the foot of Gospeler's Gulch. Here they catch sight of the
Reverend OCTAVIUS SIMPSON and MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON walking together,
near the former's house, in the moonlight, and, instantaneously, Mr.
BUMSTEAD opens his umbrella over the head of OLD MORTARITY, and drags
him down beside himself under it behind the wall.

"Hallo! What's all this?" gasps Mr. MCLAUGHLIN, struggling affrightedly
in his suffocating cage of whalebone and alpaca. "What's this here old
lady's hoop-skirt doing on me?"

"Peace, wriggling dotard!" hisses BUMSTEAD, jamming the umbrella tighter
over him. "If they see us they'll want some of the West Indian
Restorative."

Mr. SIMPSON and MONTGOMERY have already heard a sound; for they pause
abruptly in their conversation, and the latter asks: "Could it have been
a ghost?"

"Ask it if it's a ghost," whispers the Gospeler, involuntarily crossing
himself.

"Are you there, Mr. G.?" quavers the raised voice of the young
Southerner, respectfully addressing the inquiry to the stone wall.

No answer.

"Well," mutters the Gospeler, "it couldn't have been a ghost, after all;
but I certainly thought I saw an umbrella. To conclude what I was
saying, then,--I have the confidence in you, Mr. MONTGOMERY, to believe
that you will attend the dinner of Reconciliation on Christmas eve, as
you have promised."

"Depend on me, sir."

"I shall; and have become surety for your punctuality to that excellent
and unselfish healer of youthful wounds, Mr. BUMSTEAD."

More is said after this; but the speakers have strolled to the other
side of the Gospeler's house, and their words cannot be distinguished
Mr. BUMSTEAD closes his umbrella with such suddenness and violence as to
nearly pull off the head of MCLAUGHLIN; drives his own hat further upon
his nose with a sounding blow; takes several wild swallows from his
antique flask; eats two cloves, and chuckles hoarsely to himself for
some minutes. "Here, 'JOHN MCLAUGHLIN," he says, at last "try a little
more West Indian Restorative, and then we'll go and do a few skeletons."

(_To be Continued_.)

       *       *       *       *       *

What is Likely to be Raised some day, regarding the Pneumatic
Tunnel.

TUBAL. CAIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration. PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE.]

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

In order to make this department of PUNCHINELLO as complete as possible,
we have secured the services of the most competent authorities in
literature, art, the sciences in general, history, biography, and the
vast vague unknown. The answers furnished by us to our correspondents
may therefore be relied upon as being strictly accurate.

  _Scales_.--How old was DANIEL LAMBERT at the time of his death?

_Answer_.--736 lbs.

  _Ignoramus_.--Why were the Roman _Saturnalia_ so called?

_Answer_.--The proper spelling of the word is _Sauternalia_. They were
wine feasts; and the vintage most in favor at them was Haut Sauterne.

  _Chasseur_. Is the antelope to be classed among the goat family?

_Answer_.--No. MOORE calls it a "deer gazelle."

  _Armiger_.--Is "arm's length" a recognized measure?

_Answer_.--Yes. It is a _Standard_ measure, as may be seen in the way
that journal is getting ahead of the _Sun_, which it keeps at arm's
length.

  _Molar_.--Yes; burnt Cork is an excellent dentifrice. It should not
  be applied to the teeth of children, however, as it is apt to impart an
  Irish accent, or, in extreme cases, even a negro dialect.

  _Bookworm_.--Do two negatives always constitute an affirmative?

_Answer_.--That depends upon the price charged by the photographer.

  _Sunswick_--Is it true that JAMES FISK, Jr., has purchased Baden and
  another German Duchy?

_Answer_.--No: but he could have both if he wanted two.

  _Rockland_.--Who are the suffering persons represented in DORE'S
  remarkable picture of DANTE and VIRGIL visiting the frozen ward of the
  _Inferno_?

_Answer_.--The Knickerbocker Ice Company.

  _Solitaire_.--On what day did the Fourth of July fall in the year 1788?

_Answer_.--On the Fourth.

  _James Lobbs_.--How long ago is it since desiccated soup first came
  into use?

_Answer_.--At least as long ago as the days of CROMWELL, whose advice to
his troops was "Put your trust in Providence, and keep your chowder
dry."

  _Bach_.--Is the practice of divorce a mark of civilization?

_Answer_--It is. In the Gorilla family, (the nearest approach to the
human,) divorce is not practiced, but it is in Indiana, which is usually
considered to be a State of Civilization.

       *       *       *       *       *

PAT TO THE QUESTION.

Our law-makers in Congress--or rather law-cobblers, for few of them have
risen to the dignity of makers--are asked to repeal the _per cap_. duty
imposed by California on all Chinamen imported there.

The Californians have the authority of Congress itself, for this duty.
By reference to "HEYL'S Rates of Duties on Imports," page 36, art. 691,
under head of "Act of June 30, 1864, chap. 171," "An act to increase
Duties on Imports," etc., we find "on paddy one cent and a half per
pound." Now if a good-sized Irishman pays $2.25, why shouldn't a
"Celestial" pay as much in proportion to the weight of his _corpus_?

       *       *       *       *       *

Contradictory.

It appears that, by a joint resolution of Congress, the use of "that
first-class humbug and fraud, the whiskey meter," has been abolished.
Now there are dozens of members of Congress who are not only
"first-class humbugs and frauds," but whiskey meters, to whom whiskey is
both meat and drink, and yet who ever heard of their proposing to
abolish themselves?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: STAY-AT-HOME PEOPLE

FOLKS MAY NOT BE ABLE TO GO TO NEWPORT OR LONG BRANCH, BUT THEY CAN
ALWAYS CREATE A LOCAL SENSATION BY TAKING A FOOT-BATH IN THE BACK-YARD.]

       *       *       *       *       *

MURPHY THE CONQUEROR

BY CORPORAL QUINN.

  Come tip us your fist, then, yer sowl you;
    Since iver I come from the wars
  The like wasn't heerd. Fill the bowl you
    Bowld sons of MILESIUS and MARS;
  And dhrink to ould Ireland the turfy
    That's shmilin' out there in the say,
  Wid three cheers for the conqueror MURPHY.
    Whoo! America's ours from to-day.

  Och! SAYZAR he walloped the Briton,
    The Tarthars leap't China's big wall,
  ALEXANDTHUR did half the wurld sit on,
    But niver touched Ireland at all.
  At Clontarf ould BOBU in the surf he
    Sint tumblin' the murdtherin' Danes--
  But, yer sowl, the brave conqueror MURPHY
    Takes the shine out of all of their panes.

  ULYSSES has made him Collecthor,
    (Sich choppin' o' heads ne'er was seen;)
  Sure the hayro will make me Inspecthor
    Whin there's so many "wigs on the green."
  And we'll be night-watchmen uproarious,
    Wid big badges on our coats,
  And we'll fight for TOM MURPHY the glorious,
    Wid our fists, our guns, and our votes.

  At the Custom House, Dutchman and Yankee
    Are thryin' to talk wid a brogue,
  They're all _Irish_, now--fat, lean, or lanky,
    And green are the neckties in vogue.
  They're thracin' themselves to some DURPHY,
    O'NEILL, or McCANN, or O'TAAFFE,
  I'll go bail the bowld conqueror MURPHY
    'S too owld to be caught wid sich chaff.

  Now Dutchmin may go to the divil,
    And Yankees to Plymouth's ould rock,
  We'll blast it, if they are not civil;
    While boys of the raal ould stock
  Will hurroo for ould Ireland the turfy.
    Whoo! Jibralthar is taken to-day,
  Our commandther's the conqueror MURPHY--
    Now a tiger and nine times hoorray!

       *       *       *       *       *

COMIC ZOOLOGY.

Genus Culex.--The American Mosquito


Few American birds are better known than the mosquito. In common with
the woodcock, snipe, and other winged succubi, it breeds in wet places,
yet is always dry. Like them it can sustain life on mud juleps, but
prefers "cluret." It is a familiar creature, seems to regard the human
family as its Blood relations, and is always ready to sucker them.

Being a bird of Nocturnal Habits, it is particularly attracted to human
beings in their Night-shirts. The swallow preys upon it, but it
generally eludes the Bat. Although it cannot be called Noctilucous, like
the lightning bug, it has no objection to alight in the darkness, and
you often knock till you cuss in your vain attempts to prevent its
taking a Shine to you.

The mosquito differs in most respects from all the larger varieties of
the winged tribes, and upon the whole takes after man more than any
other living thing. Nevertheless, it certainly bears a noticeable
resemblance to some of the feathered race. Like the Nightingale, it
"sings darkling," and like the woodpecker, is much addicted to tapping
the bark of Limbs and Trunks for the purpose of obtaining grub. It may
be mentioned as an amiable idiosyncracy of the mosquito, that it is fond
of babies. If there is a child in the house, it is sure to spot the
playful innocent; and by means of an ingenious contrivance combining the
principles of the gimlet and the air-pump, it soon relieves the little
human bud of its superfluous juices. It is, in fact, a born surgeon, a
Sangrado of the Air, and rivals that celebrated Spanish Leech in its
fondness for phlebotomy. Some infidels, who do not subscribe to the
doctrine that nothing was made in vain, consider it an unmitigated
nuisance, but the devout and thoughtful Christian recognizes it as
Nature's preventive of plethora, and as it alternately breathes a Vein
and a song, it may be said (though we never heard the remark,) to
combine the _utile_ with the _dulce_.

All the members of the genus are slender and graceful in their shape and
Gnatty in their general appearance. The common mosquito is remarkable
for its strong attachments. It follows man with more than canine
fidelity, and in some cases, the dog-like pertinacity of its affection
can only be restrained by Muslin. It is of a roving disposition, seldom
remaining settled long in one locality; and is Epicurean in its
tastes--always living, if possible, on the fat of the land. As the
mosquito produces no honey, mankind in general are not as sweet upon it
as they are upon that bigger hum-bug, the buzzy bee; yet it is so far
akin to the bee, that, wherever it forages, it produces something
closely resembling Hives.

Few varieties of game are hunted more industriously than this, yet such
is the fecundity of the species, that the Sportsman's Club has not as
yet thought it necessary to petition the legislature for its protection.

The New Jersey Mosquito is the largest known specimen of the genus,
except the Southern Gallinipper, which is only a few sizes smaller than
the Virginia Nightingale, and raises large speckles similar to those of
the Thrush. Ornithologists who wish to study the habits of the mosquito
in its undomesticated or nomad state, may find it in angry clouds on the
surface of the New Jersey salt marshes at this season, in company with
its teetering long-billed Congener, the Sandsnipe.

During the last month of summer it reigns supreme in the swamps west of
Hoboken, the August Emperor of all the Rushes, and persons of an
apoplectic turn, who wish to have their surplus blood determined to the
surface instead of to the head, will do well to seek the hygienic insect
there.

       *       *       *       *       *

An Apt Quotation.

The name "Louvre" has now been adopted by several places of
entertainment in New York and its suburbs. A Boston gentleman, who
visited seven of them a night or two since, under the escort of a
policeman, declares that, by a slight alteration of a line of MOORE's,
New York may be well described as--

"A place for Louvres, and for Louvres only."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

Mr. PUNCHINELLO puts up at the Atlantic Hotel when he goes to Cape May;
and if you were to ask him why, he would tell you that it was on account
of the admirable water-punches which JOHN McMAKIN serves up. To be sure
these mixtures do not agree with Mr. P., but he likes to see people
enjoying themselves, even if he can't do it himself. It is this
unselfish disposition, this love of his fellow-men, that enables him to
maintain that constant good humor so requisite to his calling. In fact,
though Mr. P. often says sharp things, he never gets angry. When, on
Thursday of last week, he was walking down the south side of Jackson
street, and a man asked him did he want to buy a bag, Mr. P. was not
enraged. He knew the man took him for a greenhorn, but then the man
himself was a Jerseyman. It is no shame to be a greenhorn to a
Jerseyman. Quite the reverse. Mr. P. would blush if he thought there
lived a "sand-Spaniard" who could not take advantage of him. So Mr. P.
bought the bag, and because it was made of very durable canvas, and
would last a great while, he paid a dollar for it.

He did not ask what it was for. He knew. It was to put Cape May Diamonds
in! He put the bag in his pocket and walked along the beach for three
miles. You can't walk more than three miles here, and if you hire a
carriage you will find that you can't ride less than that distance.
Which makes it bad, sometimes. However, when Mr. P. had finished his
three miles, he didn't want to go any further. He stopped, and gazing
carelessly around to see that no one noticed him, pulled out his canvas
bag and did shuffle a little in the sand with his feet. He might
find some diamonds, you know, just as likely as any of the hundreds of
other people, who, in other sequestered parts of the beach, were pulling
out other canvas bags, and shuffling in the sand with other feet. At
length Mr. P. shuffled himself into a very sequestered nook indeed, and
there he saw a man smoking. His melancholy little boy was sitting by his
side. Perceiving that it was only General GRANT, Mr. P. advanced with
his usual grace and suavity of manner.

"Why, Mr. President!" said he, "I thought you would be found at Long
Branch this season."

"Long--thunder!" ejaculated the General, his face as black as the ace of
spades, (which, by the way, is blue.) "I might go to Nova Zembla for a
quiet smoke, and some sneaking politician would crawl out from the ice
with a petition. I went fishing in Pennsylvania, and I found twenty of
those fellows to every trout. However, I don't mind you. Take a seat and
have a cigar."

[Illustration.]

Mr. P. took the seat, (which was nothing to brag of,) and a cigar,
(which would have been a great deal to brag of, if he had succeeded in
smoking it,) and, after a whiff or two, asked his companion how it was
that he came to send such a message to Congress about Cuba.

"What message?" said GRANT, absently.

Mr. P. explained.

"Oh," said GRANT, "that one! Didn't you like it? CALEB CUSHING wrote it
and brought it to me, and I signed it. If you had written one and
brought it to me, I would have signed that. 'Tisn't my fault if the
thing's wrong. What would you expect of a man?"

Mr. P. concluded that in this case it was ridiculous to expect anything
else, and so he changed the subject.

That afternoon Mr. P. bathed.

He went to SLOAN'S and fitted himself out in a bathing suit, and very
lovely he looked in it, when he emerged from the bathing house at
high tide. With a red tunic; green pants; and a very yellow hat, he
resembled a frog-legged Garibaldian, ready for the harvest.

When he hurried to the water's edge, he hesitated for a moment. The
roaring surf was so full of heads, legs, arms, back-hair, hats and feet,
that he feared there was no room for him. However, he espied a vacancy,
and plunged into the briny deep.

How delicious! How cool! How fresh! How salt! How splendid!

He struck out with his legs; he struck out with his arms; he dived with
his whole body. He skimmed beneath the green waters; he floated on the
rolling wave-tips; he trod water; he turned heels over head in the
emerald depths; and thus, gamboling like an Infant Triton, he passed out
beyond the breakers. It was very pleasant there. Being a little tired,
he found the change from the surging waves to the gentle chuck and flop
of the deep water, most delightful. Languidly, to rest himself, he threw
his arm over a rock just peeping above the water. But the rock gave a
start and a yawn.

It was a sleeping shark!

The startled fish opened his eyes to their roundest, and backed water.

So did Mr. P.

For an instant they gazed at each other in utter surprise. Then the
shark began slowly to sink. Mr. P. knew what that meant. The monster was
striving to get beneath him for the fatal snap!

Mr. P. sank with him!

With admirable presence of mind he kept exactly even with the fish.

[Illustration.]

At last they reached the bottom.

Mr. P. was nearly suffocated, but he determined that he would strangle
rather than rise first. The shark endeavored to crawl under him, but Mr.
P. clung to the bottom.

The fish then made a feint of rising, but, in an instant, Mr. P. had him
around the waist!

The affrighted shark darted to the surface, and Mr. P. inhaled at least
a gallon of fresh air. Never before had oxygen tasted so good!

On the surface the struggle was renewed, but Mr. P. always kept
undermost.

At last they rested from the contest, and lay panting on the surface of
the water, glaring at each other.

The shark, who was a master of _finesse_, swam out a little way, to
where the water was deeper, and then slowly sank, intending, if Mr. P.
followed him again to the bottom, to stay there long enough to drown the
unfortunate man. But Mr. P. knew a trick worth two of that.

_He didn't follow him at all_! He swam towards shore as fast as he
could, and when the shark looked around, to see if he was coming, he was
safe within the line of surf.

Need it be said that when he reached dry laud, Mr. P. became a hero with
the crowds who had witnessed this heroic struggle?

That evening, as Mr. P. sat upon the portico of his hotel, there came
unto him, in the moonlight, a maiden of the latest fashion.

"Sir," she softly murmured "are you the noble hero who overcame the
shark?"

Mr. P. looked up at her.

Her soft eyes were dimmed with irresponsible emotion.

"I am," said he.

The maiden stood motionless. Her whole frame was agitated by a secret
struggle.

At length she spoke.

"Is there a Mrs. P.?" she softly said.

Mr. P. arose. He grasped the back of his chair with trembling hand. His
manly form quivered with a secret struggle.

He looked upon her!

He gazed for a moment, with glowing, passionate eyes, upon that
matchless form--upon that angelic face, and then--he clasped his brows
in hopeless agony. Stepping back, he gave the maiden one glance of
wildest love, followed by another of bitterest despair; and sank
helpless into his chair.

[Illustration.]

The maiden leaned, pale and trembling, against a pillar; but hearing the
approach of intruders, she recovered herself with an effort.

"Farewell," she whispered. "I know! I know! There _is_ a Mrs. P.!"--and
she was gone.

Mr. P. arose and slipped out into the night, shaken by a secret
struggle. He laid upon the sand and kicked up his heels.

_There isn't any_ Mrs. P.!

Mr. P. does not wish to sweep his hand rudely o'er the tender chords of
any heart, but he wants it known that he is neither to be snapped up by
sharks in the sea, or by young women at watering places.

       *       *       *       *       *

A DOG'S TALE.

Dogmatic.

I am only a dog, I admit; but do you suppose dogs have no feeling? I
guess if you were kicked out of every door-way you ran into, and driven
away from every meat stand or grocery you happened to smell around, you
would think you had feelings.

When I see some dogs riding in carriages, looking so grandly out of the
windows, or others walking along proudly by the side of their owners, I
have a feeling of dislike for the very thought of liberty!

I sometimes go with the crowd to a lecture-room, and listen to the
speeches about freedom and liberty, the hatred of bondage, and all that
sort of thing. I get my tail up, and wish I could tell them what liberty
really is. There is nothing worse in the world than this running around
loose, with no one to look after you, and no one for you to look after;
no one to notice you when you wag your tail, and to have no occasion for
so doing. You go out and you come in, and nobody cares. If you never
come back, no one troubles himself about you.

Every day I hear men reading in the papers about some lucky dogs having
strayed, or having been stolen, a large reward being offered for their
recovery: and I envy each lost dog! I wonder who would advertise for me
if I got lost! Alas! no one. They would not give me a bone to bring me
back, or to keep me from drowning myself. But every boy in the street
thinks he has a right to throw stones at me; and tie tin-kettles to my
tail; and chase me when I have had the good luck to find a bone; and to
set big dogs upon me to worry me when I am faint from hunger and haven't
much pluck; and worse than all, chase me and cry "Ki-yi," when I am
almost dying of thirst!

If you only knew how hard it is for a poor dog to make his way in the
world, with no one to help him to a mouthful of food, you would feel
sorry for us.

But I think we might get along better if it wasn't for the scarcity of
water. I hardly know a spot in the city where I can get a drink; and
many a time I have gone all day without a drop.

If I happen to hang out my tongue and droop my tail, my ears are saluted
with "Mad dog! Let's kill him!" You need not wonder I sometimes turn
round, and snap at my pursuers. I think you would snap, too, if you were
chased through street and lane and alley, till your blood was in a
perfect fever, and you hardly knew which way you were running! I have,
on many such occasions, actually run past a beautiful bone that lay
handy on the side-walk, and never stopped to smell it.

Oh! I wish some one would take me prisoner, and continue to own me, and
keep me in bondage as long as I lived! I should only be too happy to
give up my liberty, and settle down and be a respectable dog!

       *       *       *       *       *

A Bute-Iful Idea.

The Marquis of Bute denies that he is going to return to the Protestant
fold. With reference to the rumor, the Pope stated in the Ecumenical
Council that "the Bute was on the right leg at last, and that he would
launch his thunder against him who should dare that Bute displace."

       *       *       *       *       *

WHAT IS IT?

As the shades of night descend (in the neighborhood of Mecklenburg,
N.C.,) and harmless domestic animals begin to compose themselves to
sleep, suddenly the drowsy world is awakened by a roaring like that of a
lion! It proceeds from the forest, in whose bosky recesses (as the
Mecklenburgers suppose) some terrible creature proclaims his hunger and
his inclination to appease it with human flesh! All night long the
quaking denizens of that hamlet lie and listen to the roaring, which is
an effectual preventive of drowsiness, as the moment any one begins to
be seized with it he also begins to fancy he is about to be seized and
deglutinated by the horrid monster! Naturalists are positive it is not
the Gyascutis, but admit that a Megatherium may have lately awakened
from the magnetic sleep of ages, with the pangs of a mighty hunger
tearing his wasted viscera.

If our theory is correct, the good people of Mecklenburg (was it not in
Mecklenburg that the agitation for Independence began?) may be assured
that deliverance from this unreasonable Dragon is possible. We think it
more than likely that it is simply GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN practicing for
the next invasion of Great Britain. Nothing could be more harmless. One
Ku-Kluxian youth, armed with a double-barrelled shot-gun, four
bowie-knives, and a number of revolvers, could rout him instantly, and
even check the flow of his vociferous eloquence so suddenly as to put
him in imminent danger of asphyxia.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: RETRIBUTION.

THE BOYS OF SAN FRANCISCO, EXASPERATED AT THE CONVERSION OF THEIR DOGS
INTO PIE, TIE KETTLES TO THE TAILS OF THE CHINAMEN.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Giving the Cue.

"Is that one of your Chinese _belles_? asked Mr. PUNCHINELLO of Mr.
KOOPMAN-SCHOOP, as one of the newly-imported yallagals passed.

"Yes," replied Mr. K. "You can always tell a Chinese bell from a Chinese
gong by the bell-pull attached to it."

Mr. P. immediately presented his _chapeau_ to Mr. K.

       *       *       *       *       *

HINTS FOR--THOSE WHO WILL TAKE THEM.

Mr. PUNCHINELLO: Your invaluable "Hints for the Family," published some
time since, seem destined to work a revolution in our domestic economy;
as the plans you propose must win the admiration of housekeepers by
their extreme simplicity, aside from any other motives to their
adoption. I have myself tested several of your methods, and find that
you speak from thorough and circumstantial knowledge of your subject In
bread-making, for instance, we find that when the cat reposes in the
dough, it (the dough) will not rise, though the cat does. But in the
clock manufacture, we fear you have divulged one of the secrets of the
trade.

Your little invention for carrying a thread should be recommended to
students and other isolated beings, notwithstanding their unaccountable
propensity to pierce other substances than the cloth. They would find
driving the needle through much facilitated by a skilful use of the
table formerly described.

Permit me to make a few additional suggestions.

Get some worsted and a pair of needles; set up from twenty to forty
stitches, more or less, and knit till you are tired. When finished--(the
knitting)--draw out the needles and bite off the thread. You will thus
have made an elegant lamp-mat, of the same color as the worsted, and the
very thing for a Christmas present to your grandmother.

This is a very graceful employment, and a great favorite with ladies; in
fact, some ladies seem so infatuated with work of that kind, that,
according to the new theory of the Future, a fruition of fancy-work will
be amongst their other blissful realizations. And so, after surveying
Deacon QUIRK'S spiritual potato fields, or perhaps some fresh
(spiritual) manifestation of Miss PHELPS'S piety and intelligence, we
may have the pleasure of seeing the sun and moon hung with tidies, and a
lamp-mat under each star.

Take your rejected sketches and compositions, cut them in strips two or
three inches wide, and as long as the paper will permit. Fold these
strips lengthwise as narrow as possible, and smooth the edges down flat
with your finger. When finished, or perhaps before, you will find you
have made a bunch of excellent lamp-lighters.

Get a suit of clothes--broadcloth is the best--and a pair of boots to
stand them in. Button the coat, and insert in the neck any vegetable you
choose, so that it be large enough, (one of the drum-head species is the
best,) and finish with a hat You will then find, doubtless to your
surprise and delight, that you have a man, or an excellent
substitute for one, equal, if not superior to the genuine article,
warranted to be always pleased with his dinner, and never, necessarily,
in the way. Some people may object to its lack of intelligence, as
compared with the original, but careful investigation has shown that the
difference is very slight; yet, admitting even this to be a positive
fault, it is amply counterbalanced by negative merits. Your
correspondent who writes about "The Real Estate of Woman," will be
relieved to find that the threatened dearth in husbands can be so
readily obviated.

Very truly,

ANN O. BLUE.

       *       *       *       *       *

For Singers, Only.

What is the best wine for the voice?

Canary.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Chop-House Aphorism.

Customers who fee waiters may always be sure of their Feed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Washy.

The daily papers tell us that "Sixty-Eight Thousand persons visited the
public baths during last week."

They went in--a week lot--and came out sixty-eight thousand strong.

       *       *       *       *       *

Constructive Genius.

"A poor woman in Utica, who owns three houses and is building another,
sends her children into the streets daily to beg."

Quite right. While the youngsters beg in the streets, let the
enterprising old lady go on and begin another house.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Result of the Mongol.

Owing to the influx of Chinamen into this country, the edict against
allowing dogs to run at large during the Summer has been relaxed.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: BOMBASTES BONAPARTE:

NOW PERFORMING AT THE THEATRE FRANCAIS.

"He who would these Boots displace
Must meet BOMBASTES face to face."]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE NEW PANDORA'S BOX.

REPRESENTATIVE MANUFACTURER, (_springing open Chinese surprise
box_.)--"THERE!--WHAT DO YOU THINK OF THAT LITTLE JOKER?"

KNIGHT OF ST. CRISPIN.--"PSHAW! THAT'S A MEAN TRICK: WAIT TILL I OPEN
_MY_ BOX!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN ON THE CHINESE.

He write a letter to the North Adams Shoe Manufacturer.--New Occupation
for the "Coming Man."


NSBORO, NYE ONTO VARMONT, _July the 11th_, 18-_Seventy_.

MISTER SAMPSON:

Selestial sir:--I take my goose quil in hand to rite you a letter. I
like your stile--you soot me. I myself have been an old Statesman,
having served my country for 4 years as Gustise of the Peece, raisin'
sed offis to a higher standard than usual, as well as raisin' an
interestin' family of eleven healthy children. Upon the linements of
their countenance the features and stamp of GREEN stands out in bold
relief. They are all genuine Green-bax.

A little cloud no bigger than a man's hand made its appearance over the
golden streets of San Francisco.

It is growin' bigger, and afore we know it, will be bigger than a white
elefant.

You have ceased the dilemer by the horn which hangs suspended from the
dilemer's head, like the tail of a kite.

While you have set the Chinees peggin' away puttin' bottoms on shoes, a
great many are peggin' away "putin' a head onto you."

In the present statis of things you want to blow up your nerve, and
stand as firm as the rox of Jiberalter, and like BYRON exclaim:

  "To be or not to be, there's the question;--
  Whether a man feels better to pay big wages for shoemakers,
  Or to suffer the slings and arrows of everybody,
  By hirin' Pig-tails for 1/2 price?"

Poleticians of the different churches don't endorse our Selestial
brother. But, sir, I'll venter a few dollars, that if the children of
the son--and dorter--leaned towards either party, he would be gobled up
quicker'n scat, even if he come red hot from old LUCIFER, with a pocket
full of free passes, for the whole nashun, to the Infernal regions.

That's so. A vote's a vote, if it comes from Greenland's coral strand or
Afric's icy mountains. I feel a good deal towards you as a nabor of
mine, named JOE BELCHER, once did.

JOE likes his tod, and can punish as much gin and tansy as a New York
alderman can, when drinkin' at the sity's expense.

JOE went to camp meetin' last week, and, I am pained to say it, JOSEF
got drunker than a biled owl.

While one of the brethern was preachin', JOE sot on a pine log tryin' to
make out wether the preacher was a double-headed man, or whether 2 men
were holdin' forth.

"Who'll stand up for the carpenter's Son?" sed the preacher.

This made JOE look around.

The question was again repeated.

Again JOE looked around for an answer.

Again the preacher said: "Who'll stand up for Him?"

JOE by this time had got onto his feet, and was steadyin' himself by
holdin' onto a tree, while he sung out:

"I say (hic!) ole feller, Ile stand up (hic!) for him, or any 'orrer man
who hain't got any (hic!) more fren's than he has (hic!) in this 'ere
crowd."

I feel a good deal as JOE did. Anybody who hain't got any more frends
than you have, Mr. SAMPSON, has my sympathy.

For bringin' these _hily morril_ and _refined_ Monongohelians to
Massachusetts is a big feather in your cap, and you will receive your
reward bime-bye.

"The wages of sin is death."

But the wages of a Chinyman is money in a man's pocket. They work cheap.

I am trying to get the Chinese substituted for canal hosses.

A man here by the name of SNYDER, who runs a canal Hoss to our Co.,
talks of sendin' for a lot.

Won't they be bang up with their cues hitcht to a canal bote snakin' it
along at the rate of a mile inside of 2 hours. "G'lang! Tea leaf."

Then when they was restin' from their labors, by tyin' 2 of 'em together
by their cues, stand one opposite the other and hang close between 'em
to dry, on washin' day.

What an aristocratic thing Chiny close-line posts would be. The only
drawback that I know of is, that the confounded posts mite some day walk
off with all the close.

But, sir, if they served me in that manner, I would cover the ground
with broken crockery by smashin' their old Chiny mugs for 'em.

Since you've awoken to _notorosity_, I have been studdyin' out your
family pedigree.

I find your Antsisters are connected with long hair more or less, same
as you be with Chiny pig-tails.

Old SAMPSON the first's strength, like your'n of to-day, lade in his
long hair.

He could cut off more heads, and slay more Fillistians with the jaw bone
of a member of Congress than the President of these U.S. can by makin' a
new deal in the Custom house department.

And, sir, I reckon about these days, we are getting rather more of that
same kind of jaw bone than is healthy.

I am afrade not.

Mrs. SAMPSON worked like a kag of apple sass in hot weather, to find out
where her old man's strength was. When she found out, what did she do?
Why, she got a pair of sheep shears and cropped him closer'n a state
prison bird, and tryin' to lift a house full of fokes, it fell onto him
and smashed him.

Like LOT'S wife, she'd orter been turned into a pillow of salt, and then
the pillow had orter been sewed up and cast into the sea.

Another of the SAMPSONS wouldn't even chop off MARIAR ANTERNETTE'S head
until her hair had been cut off, so he could peel her top-knot off slick
and cleen.

Lookin' back at these cheerful antsisters of your'n, it's no wonder you
go in for long haired labor. It runs in the SAMPSON blood.

The public is cussin' you from DANIEL to BEEBSHEBER, because you've
brought a lot of modern Philistines to Massachusetts.

Let 'em cus.

That's their lay.

Your'n is, to bild up a fortin, if Poor-houses for white laborers to
live in is thicker in North Adams than goose pimples on a fever and ager
sufferer's form.

As old Grandma SAMPSON cut off her old man's long hair, so she could
handle him in one of them little fireside scrimmages which we married
fokes enjoy, so fokes would crop you, my hi toned old Joss stick.

But I've writ more'n I intended to. I would like to have you come and
make us a visit.

Bring along your wife, DELIAL. Tell her to bring her croshay work.

Mrs. GREEN is interestin' company among wimmen.

What MARIAR don't know about her nabors, don't happen.

Then her veel pot-pies and ingin puddins are just rats.

She can nock the spots off from any woman who wears a waterfall, gettin'
up a good square meal.

Anser soon, and don't forget to pay your own postige.

Hopin' you are sound on the goose and able to enjoy your _Swi lager und
Sweitzer_,

I am thine, old hoss,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

Lait Gustise of the Peece.


       *       *       *       *       *


TREATMENT FOR POTATO BUGS.

Mr. CLARK JOHNSON, of Pendleton, Indiana, not at all discouraged by the
signal failures of many previous campaigns against the Bug, has entered
the (potato) field with a new weapon, viz.: a mixture of Paris Green and
Ashes. Applied frequently, as a Top Dressing, this gentle stimulant
imparts a new energy to the vine, and also to the Bug, who thus becomes
so vigorous, and at the same time restless, that an uncontrollable
impulse seizes him to visit the home of his ancestors, (Colorado.) Here,
as is supposed by Mr. JOHNSON, the fictitious energy that had been
supplied by the Mixture deserts the immigrant, who now settles down
contentedly, nor ever roams again.

As (owing to the present facilities of freighting, etc.,) the Potatoes
of Pendleton may eventually find the New York market, which always
invites the superior esculent, we would like to suggest to Mr. JOHNSON
that this Mixture be administered to the Bug with a spoon, and not
sprinkled promiscuously on the ground. We have drank Tea with a "green
flavor," and found it comparatively innocuous; but Potatoes with a green
flavor, (especially if flavored by the JOHNSONIAN method,) we should
consider as doubtful, to say the least. It is the general impression
that there is nothing Green in Paris; but your house painter knows there
is such a thing as Paris Green, and that it is the oxyde of copper.
Therefore, should one eat many of the potatoes nourished as above, we
should expect to see him gradually turning into a Bronze Statue--a fate
which, unless he were particularly Greeky and nice-looking, we should
wish to anticipate, if possible, in the interests of art.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: MR. SWACHENBACKER, OF THE AIRY 'UN SOCIETY, CREATES A
SENSATION AMONG THE LADY BATHERS AT "THE BRANCH," BY APPEARING AMONG
THEM AS A MERMAN, WITH A REAL LOOKING-GLASS AND A FALSE TAIL.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Fashionable Intelligence.

Two colors that once were fashionable in the Parisian _toilette_, viz.:
BISMARCK brown and Prussian blue, are now excluded from court circles,
by command of the Empress.

       *       *       *       *       *

Weather or No.

Most remarkable in the history of mathematics are the calculations
published by the weather-prophet of the _Express_. Arithmetic turns pale
when she glances at them, and, striking her multiplication table with
her algebraic knuckles, demands to know why the _Express_ does not add a
Cube-it to its THATCHER.

       *       *       *       *       *

Comparative Industry.

It is reported that "the journeymen lathers demand four dollars per
day." As a question of comparative soap, the latherers will in due time
strike too. The ultimatum will be-"Raise our pay or we drop the Razor."

       *       *       *       *       *

"Omnibus Hoc," etc.

What is the difference between theft in an omnibus and the second deal
at cards?

One is a Game of the Stage, and the other is a Stage of the Game.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR AGRICULTURAL COLUMN.

Memorabilia of "What I Know About Farming."

Profound subjects should be well meditated upon. A man may write about
"New America," or "Spiritual Wives," or any such light and airy subject,
without possessing much knowledge, or indulging in much thought, but he
can't play such tricks upon Agriculture. She is very much like a donkey:
unless you are thoroughly acquainted with her playful ways, she will
upset you in a quagmire. Perhaps it is due to my readers that I should
say here that I have read a great many valuable treatises upon this
subject, among which may be named, "Cometh up as a Flour," "Anatomy of
Melon-cholly," "Sowing and Reaping," one thousand or two volumes of
Patent Office Reports, and three or four bushels of "Proverbial
Philosophy." I would also add, that I invariably remain awake on clear
nights, and think out the ideas set down in this column. Probably you
may not be able to find traces of all that labor here, but I assure you
that those books are more familiar to me than is my catechism. However,
anybody who thinks he knows more about vegetables than I do, can send me
a letter containing his information, and, if I don't cabbage it, I will
plant it carefully in the bottom of the waste paper basket. We now
proceed to consider.

PAR'S NIPS.

This vegetable always flourishes in a moist soil, though it generally
has a holy horror of _aqua pura_. Some of them are of an immense size; I
have seen them fill a tumbler. Producers, however, generally charge more
for the large ones than for the small. The size of the nip usually
depends upon the par. It may be that your par's nip is extremely small,
while JOHN SMITH'S par's nip is very large. Four fingers is, I believe,
considered to be the regulation size.

This vegetable is served up in a variety of forms. Some pars like it
with milk; in that case it is generally "hung up." In the winter it is
often called a sling or a punch; in the summer it is denominated a
cobbler or a jew-lip. Perhaps it would be well for those who love it, to
indulge in par's nip now, for some people say, that in the days of the
"coming man" there will be no par's nips. It must be admitted that the
father of a family, who indulges too freely in par's nip, is very likely
to run to seed, and to plant himself in such unfruitful places as the
gutter. If he be a young par, he may become a rake, and fork over his
money, and then ho! for the alms-house.

Numerous efforts have been made to suppress this vegetable, among which
may be reckoned, "Father, dear Father, come home with me now," Brother
GOUGH'S circus, and the parades of the F.M.T.A.B. Societies. Maine and
Vermont Neal together in the front rank of its opponents. In Boston they
tried to suppress this vegetable, but, if you followed your par to a
store and heard him order a cracker, you could smell par's nip.

Among the mild varieties of this article may be mentioned benzine,
camphene and kerosene; the next strongest kind is called Jersey
lightning; but, if you desire par's nips in their most luxuriant form,
go to Water street and try the species known as "rot-gut."

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

Poetry is the exclusive birthright of no age of people. The dirtiest
Hindoo sings to his _fetish_ the songs of the Brahmin muse, with as keen
a relish as the most devout Christian does the hymns of Dr. WATTS.
Melody comes of Heaven, and is a gift vouchsafed to all generations, and
all kinds of men. In proof of this, let us adduce a single extract from
the great epic of the Hawaiian poet, POPPOOFI, entitled "Ka Nani E!"

  Ka nani e! ka nani e!
    Alohi puni no
  Mai luna, a mai lalo nei,
    A ma na mea a pau.

We would call the attention of our readers particularly to the sublime
sentiment of the second line. "Alohi puni no," sings the peerless
POPPOOFI, and where, in the pages of that other Oriental HOMER, the
Persian HAFI, can be found anything half so magnificent? There may be
critics bigoted enough to think that the last line destroys the effect
of the other three; but _we_ don't. PUNCHINELLO would much rather
discover the good in a thing at any time, than go a-fishing on Sundays.

It is not in the nature of a properly constituted human being to lay his
hand upon his heart and chant:

  "Ka nani e! Ka nani e!"

in the presence of his mother-in-law, without feeling that life is not
so miserable as some people would make it out. In the words of ALEXANDER
SELKIRK'S man FRIDAY: "_Palmam qui meruit ferat_."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

Emmet is a name which has heretofore been associated in the public mind
with the Negro Minstrel business. Certain weird barbaric melodies, which
defy all laws of musical composition, but which haunt one like a dream
of a lonely night on some wild African river, are said to have been
written by "OLD EMMET." Is there any such person? Has any one actually
seen "OLD EMMET" in the flesh, and with--say a high hat and a cotton
umbrella? For my part I disbelieve in the popular theory of the origin
of these EMMETIC melodies which stir one so strangely. They are not the
work of any earthly song writer, but are born of some untuned Eolian
harp played upon by uncertain breezes, that murmur the memory of
tropical groves and sigh with the sadness of exile. There is no "OLD
EMMET." If there is, let him be brought forward--not to be chucked out
of the window, as Mrs. F.'s AUNT might suggest,--but to be thanked and
wondered at as an inchoate OFFENBACH, who might, under other
circumstances, have written an American opera-bouffe, or, better still,
as a possible CHOPIN, who might have written a second "March Funebre" as
hopeless and desolate and fascinating as that of the despairing and
poetic Pole. (I am coming to "FRITZ" in a moment, but I won't be hurried
by any one.)

As for JOSEPH K. EMMET, he is an undoubted reality. If you don't believe
it, go to WALLACK'S and see him. Somebody discovered this EMMET in the
Pastoral privacy of the Bowery. Mr. GAYLER was made to write a play for
him, and EMMET, the Bowery Minstrel, straightway became Mr. JOSEPH K.
EMMET, the renowned impersonator of "FRITZ." He plays "FRITZ" at
WALLACK'S every evening, and the entertainment is something of this
nature.

ACT I.--_Scene, the outside of Castle Garden. Enter baggage-smashers,
emigrant-runners, aldermen, and other criminals_.

RUNNER. "There's a ship a' comin' up. I'll lay for the Dutchmen."

BOBBIT. (_A concert-saloon manager_.) "There's a ship coming up. I'll
lay for the Dutch girls."

DISSOLUTE COLONEL. "There's a ship coming up. I want you two fellows to
look out for a Dutchman named "FRITZ," who is onboard. He takes care of
a girl, KATRINA, whom I adore. Carry off FRITZ and I'll carry off the
girl."

(_Various emigrants enter and are hustled off by the runners_. FRITZ
_and_ KATRINA _finally appear_.)

FRITZ. "Ja. Das ist gut. Ach himmel; zwei bier und Limburger."

(_The runners seize his trunk and carry it off. The_ DISSOLUTE COLONEL
_hurries_ KATRINA _into a coach and carries her off_. FRITZ _is carried
away by his emotions. Curtain_.)


ACT II.--_Scene, a boarding-house parlor. Enter_ DISSOLUTE COLONEL
and KATRINA.

DISSOLUTE COLONEL. "You are in my power. Be mine, and you shall have as
many bonnets and things as you can wish. Refuse, and I'll send every
reporter in the city to interview you."

KATRINA. "Base villain! I despise you. Let the torturers do their
worst."

(_Enter_ FRITZ, _disguised as a member of the Sorosis_.)

KATRINA. "You here! Be cautious. The hash is drugged. Save me, my
beloved."

FRITZ. "Ja. Das ist nicht gut. Herr Colonel, Ich bin KATRINA'S aunt. Ich
habe gekommen to take her away wid me, ye owdacious spalpeen."

DISSOLUTE COLONEL. "Glad to see you. Take some hash, madam?"

FRITZ. "Ja. Das ist gut. Take some yourself, you murtherin' thafe of the
worruld."

(_The_ DISSOLUTE COLONEL _forgets that the hash is drugged. He takes it
and falls insensible_. FRITZ _and_ KATRINA _escape. Scene changes to
Judge_ DOWLING'S _court-room_.)

FRITZ. (_Having left off his Sorosis disguise_.) "Ja. Das is nicht gut.
Behold, O wise young judge, the misguided person who put my trunk in his
pocket and ran away with it."

JUDGE. "Prove your case."

FRITZ. "Ja. Das ist gut. Begar! I proves him _toute de suite_--what you
call to wunst. You see those Limburger cheese in the villain's mouth. He
got them out of my trunk. So you see I have him ein thief geproven."

JUDGE. "Your case is proved. Let the prisoner be removed."

FRITZ. "Ja. Das ist sehr gut. Now I'm a gwine to de saloon, where dis
niggah has a ningagement for to sing."

(_Scene changes to a concert saloon_. FRITZ _enters and goes through an
entire programme of negro minstrelsy, to the wild delight of the
gallery. At last the lazy curtain slowly consents to fall_.)


ACT III.--The DISSOLUTE COLONEL _come to grief, and_ FRITZ _marries_
KATRINA. If you want to know all about it, go to the theatre. I don't
intend to ruin the establishment by giving the public the whole play for
the ridiculous sum which is charged for this copy of PUNCHINELLO. The
third act is the last of the play, and when the curtain fells, the
audience immediately proceeds to pick EMMET to pieces.

BOY IN THE GALLERY. "Ain't he just tip, though? I've seen him lots o'
times at TONY PASTOR'S, and I allers knowed he'd be a big thing if the
Bowery or thishyer theatre got a hold on him."

YOUNG LADY. "Isn't it frightfully low? The idea of Mr. WALLACK
permitting this negro minstrelsy in his theatre. To be sure Mr. EMMET is
funny; but I hate to see people funny in this place."

OLD GENTLEMAN. "My dear! don't be absurd. Suppose Mr. EMMET has been a
minstrel, is that any proof that he can't be an actor? The young fellow
has his faults, but they will wear off in time, and he is brimful of
real talent. The play isn't a model of excellence, but it was made to
show EMMET'S strong points, and it answers its purpose. Shall we cry
down a talented and promising young actor simply because he has been a
minstrel, and now has the audacity to play at WALLACK'S? And besides,
haven't we seen pantomime, and legs, and LOTTA, and DAN BRYANT at
WALLACK'S? You never objected to any of the illegitimacies that have
preceded FRITZ;--why then should you begin now? Give EMMET and GAYLER a
chance. At any rate they can make you laugh, which is something that
BOUCICAULT with his '_Lost at Sea_' did not do."

MATADOR.


       *       *       *       *       *


A PARABLE ABOUT THE TWELFTH OF JULY.

In a far distant land, beyond the sea, there dwelt an Orange Lily.
Separated from it by a very absurd and useless ditch, a Green Shamrock
spread its trefoil leafage to the sun, and grew greener every day. Now,
in course of time, a very ill feeling sprang up between the Lily and the
Shamrock, on account of color, the former despising the latter because
it was green, and the latter hating the former because it was orange--as
if both colors hadn't lived together in the rainbow ever since the
aquatic excursion of old Mr. NOAH, without ever falling out of it or
with each other. In time they both crossed the sea, and took root in a
far-away land, where they became acquainted with a very remarkable
animal called the American Beaver.

The industry of this creature urged the Lily to toil and spin, contrary
to its usual habits, while the Shamrock converted its trifoliated leaves
into shovels, and took a contract for excavating the hemisphere. And so
they might have jogged on very well together, but for their stupid way
of showing their colors when there was no occasion for it. This greatly
disgusted their friend, the American Beaver, who didn't care a pinch of
snuff about color, (black is not a color, you know,) but who went in for
faithful and persistent work. One beautiful Twelfth of July, the Lily
arose very early in the morning, and, shaking out her orange leaves,
defied the Shamrock to "come on." The Shamrock came on. There was a
vegetable howl, and clash, and clangor in the air, and the Lily, having
knocked off several of the Shamrocks' greenest leaves, went to its
friend, the American Beaver, for comfort and support. But the American
Beaver, instead of countenancing the Lily, said: "Look here, Lily, I
guess you are about the greatest fool I ever _did_ see, except, perhaps,
the Shamrock. As long as you two stick to your work, instead of sticking
out your colors and sticking your knives into each other, I am very glad
to have you for neighbors, but now that you have shown yourselves to be
jack-asses instead of vegetables, I would not give an American Beaver
dam for the two of you."

       *       *       *       *       *

CONDENSED CONGRESS.

SENATE.

A pleasant philosopher tells us that blessings brighten as they take
their flight. The flight of Congress may be regarded as a blessing. But
Congressmen do not brighten. PUNCHINELLO listens in vain for the swan
song of SUMNER, and looks longingly, without being gratified by the
spectacle of the oratorical funeral pyre of NYE. Almost the only gleam
of humor he discerns in his weekly wading through the watery and windy
wastes of the Congressional Globe is a comic coruscation by Mr. CAMERON.

Mr. McCREERY had had the abominable impudence to introduce
a bill relieving the disabilities of a few friends of his in Kentucky.
Mr. CAMERON objected upon the ground that one of these persons was named
SMITH, and used to be a New York Street Commissioner. Any man who had
been a New York Street Commissioner ought to be hanged as soon as any
decent pretext could be found for hanging him. (Murmurs of approbation
from the New York reporters.) Still this was not his main objection to
SMITH. The SMITH family had furnished more aid and comfort to the rebel
army than any other family in the South. No SMITH should, with his
consent, be permitted to participate in the conduct of a Government
which so many SMITHS had conspired to overthrow. Moreover, this was an
incorrigible SMITH. It was an undisputed fact that SMITH had given up a
lucrative office to follow his political convictions. Such a man could
not be viewed by Senators with any other feelings than those of horror
and disgust. Let them reflect what would be the effect of polluting this
body, as by this bill it was proposed to make it possible to do, with a
man so dead to all the common feelings of our nature that he would set
up his own conceits against the practice of his fellow-Senators, and the
rewards of a grateful country. This settled the fate of SMITH, but the
rest of Mr. McCREERY's friends, being obscure persons, were let in, in
spite of the "barbaric yaup" of DRAKE, who said that the next thing
would be a proposition to enact a similar outrage in Missouri, and
thereby abet the efforts of the bold bad men who were trying to get him
out of his seat.

HOUSE.

SCHENCK insisted upon the Tariff. He had been visited by
delegations from the great heart of the nation, who assured him that the
great heart of the nation yearned for an immediate increase of the duty
on various articles which competed with the articles manufactured by the
members of the delegation. No longer ago than yesterday a manufacturer
of double-back-action jack-planes had assured him that the
single-forward-action jack-planes poured upon our shores by the pauper
labor of Europe, were, so to speak, shaving off the edge of the national
life. A gentleman whose name was known to the uttermost parts of the
civilized world, who had shed new lustre upon the American name by the
great boon he had bestowed upon mankind in the American self-filling
rotary Bird of Freedom inkstand with revolving lid, had said, with the
tears of patriotic shame and sorrow in his eyes, that there were
recreant writers who preferred to purchase the Birmingham inkstand,
which required to be filled, did not rotate, and had no revolution to
its lid, at fifty cents, than to secure his own triumph of American
ingenuity at ten dollars. Such misguided men must be taught their duty
to their native land. Mr. SCHENCK moved an increase to 4,000 per cent,
_ad valorem_ on the foreign jack-plane, which he characterized as a Tool
of Tyranny, and the Birmingham inkstand. The thing was done.

Mr. DAWES said he was disgusted. Everybody's jobs were put through
except his. He threatened to go home and tell his constituents.

Mr. PETERS suggested that Mr. DAWES had better go out and take "suthin'
soothin'." (Mr. PETERS is from Maine, and his remark will probably be
understood there.) If he might be pardoned the liberty he would
recommend a little ice in it.

Mr. DAWES said he could do his own drinking. As for PETERS, he scorned
him. Moreover, PETERS was one-eyed.

Mr. PETERS appealed to his record to show that he had two eyes. He did
not understand the anger of Mr. DAWES. Of course when he suggested a
drink, he assumed the responsibility of paying for it.

Mr. DAWES said that altered the case entirely. He took pleasure in
withdrawing his hasty remarks, and in assuring the House that he
profoundly venerated PETERS, and that PETERS had two perfect eyes of
unusual expressiveness.

Mr. BINGHAM called attention to the case of Mr. PORTER, who had been
smitten on the nose by a vile creature whom he declined to drink with.
This was a blow at the national life, and he thought the punishment of
treason was imperatively demanded.

Mr. BUTLER said he had been kicked once. He assured the House that the
sensation was repugnant to his feelings as a man--much more as a
Congressman. He moved to amend by substituting slow torture.

It was finally resolved to put the wretch in irons and feed him on bread
and water.


       *       *       *       *       *


A Drowsy Con.

When a man is sleepy, what sort of transformation does he desire?

He wishes he were a-bed.


       *       *       *       *       *


 An Anecdote of the good old Square Kind.

MRS. PRINGLEWOOD, having been afflicted with a chimney that smoked, sent
for a chimney-doctor to cure it.

When the cure had been thoroughly effected, says Mrs. PRINGLEWOOD to the
chimney-doctor: "My son, a boy of but fourteen, smokes awful; couldn't
you cure him as you did the chimney?"

"No I couldn't, marm," returned the chimney-doctor, who was a wag: "but
I see what you're arter, marm--you want me to teach him to draw!"


       *       *       *       *       *


O Deer, Deer!

_Trichinoe_ are said to have been discovered in the flesh of Oregon
deer. If this should prove true, Oregon venison must be anything but a
benison; but it is more than likely that the report originated in the
fact that there is in the East Indies a species of the cervine family
known as the Hog deer.


       *       *       *       *       *


Scientific Intelligence.

We learn from exchanges that in Missouri, where the wages of
working-people average five dollars _per diem_, that the Legislature
have decreed a Mining Bureau, and a Geological Survey of the State--the
remuneration of the assistant geologists to be at the rate of $1.50 _per
diem_. Why should these learned geologists waste their time for a
compensation so mean? Let them rather convert their surveying-staffs
into ox-goads, and turn their attention to Gee-haw-logy,--'twill pay
better than t'other thing.


       *       *       *       *       *


Men and Manners

The following paragraph, cut from a newspaper, suggests a good deal:

"A Hindoo cabby, before mounting the box and taking the reins, always
first prays that his driving may be to the glory of his God."

Now this is precisely what the New York hackman invariably does before
he gathers up the reins and urges on his "galled jades." He curses his
horses, his passengers, and his own eyes, and thus commends his driving
to the glory of _his_ God, whose other name is LUCIFER.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                         Are offering                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT                     |
  |                            OF THE                            |
  |                   LATEST PARIS NOVELTIES.                    |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ROMAN. ECOSSAIS, CARREAUX.                  |
  |                     BROCHE, CHINE, GROS                      |
  |                      GRAIN AND TAFFETA                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        SASH RIBBONS,                         |
  |               IN THE MOST DESIRABLE WIDTHS AND               |
  |                    SHADES OF COLOR. Also,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              Velvet Ribbons, Trimming Ribbons,               |
  |                      Neckties, &c., &c.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              _Great Inducements to Purchasers_.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Are Offering                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Extraordinary Bargains                    |
  |                              IN                              |
  |            LADIES' PARIS AND DOMESTIC READY-MADE             |
  |                Silk, Grenadine, Swiss Muslin,                |
  |                     Victoria Lawn, Linen                     |
  |                          and Pique                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Suits, Robes, and Dresses,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |             Children's Linen and Pique Garments,             |
  |                   In the Greatest Variety,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Embroidered Collars, CUFFS, LACES,              |
  |                    Real LAMA LACE POINTS,                    |
  |                       DRESSES &c., &c.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Steward & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Are closing out their stock of                |
  |                FRENCH, ENGLISH, AND DOMESTIC                 |
  |                           CARPETS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           Oil Cloths, Rugs, Mats, Cocoa and Canton           |
  |                     Mattings, &c., &c.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               At a Great REDUCTION IN PRICES.                |
  |                                                              |
  |          _Customers and Strangers are Respectfully_          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     INVITED TO EXAMINE,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A. T. STEWART &CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Offer the following                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Extraordinary Inducements                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                   IN PRICES TO PURCHASERS,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |   In order to close the following portion of their Stock:    |
  |                                                              |
  |            Striped Checks, & Broche Poplinettes,             |
  |                    Only 50 cts. per Yard.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              Heavy Black and White Check Silks,              |
  |                75 cts. per Yard, value $1.50.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Real Gaze de Chambrey,                    |
  |                75 cts. per Yard, formerly $2.                |
  |                                                              |
  |             Striped Mongoline Silks (a Beautiful             |
  |                    Article for Costumes),                    |
  |                   $1 per Yard, formerly $2                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A LARGE QUANTITY OF                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                   STRIPED & CHECKED SILKS,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |           This Season's Importation, $1 per Yard.            |
  |                    A great Variety of the                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           NEW ROUBAIX SILKS, 56 INCHES WIDE, $1.25           |
  |                          per Yard.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |        RICH CHANGEABLE SILKS, Light Colors, 24 Inches        |
  |                         Wide, $1.75.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           EXTRA HEAVY PONGE SILKS, ONLY $1.60 per            |
  |                    Yard, formerly $2.50.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                    A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          Plain Colored POULTS DE SOIES, TAFFETTAS,           |
  |                      FAILLES, &c., &c.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Choice Shades of Color.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    _AN IMMENSE STOCK OF_                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLACK SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  At Prices Lower Than Ever.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 4th Ave., 9th and 10th Sts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


PUNCHINELLO.

The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical Weekly Paper
was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The Press and the Public in
every State and Territory of the Union endorse it as the best paper of
the kind ever published in America.

CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.

Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,) ............... $4.00

 " " six months, (without premium,) ............................  2.00

 " " three months, "                ............................  1.00

Single copies mailed free, for    ..............................   .10

We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S
CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:


A copy of paper for one year, and

"The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.
Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,) for ...................... $4.00


A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $3.00 chromos:

Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.
Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-3/8.
Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for ..................... $5.00


A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $5.00 chromos:

Group of Chickens; Group of Ducklings: Group of Quails.
Each 10 x 12-1/8.

The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14

The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.

Pointer and Quail: Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for ... $6.50


A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $6.00 chromos:

The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two
Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-1/4.

Spring; Summer; Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.

The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for ................. $7.00


A copy of paper for one year and either of the following $7.50 chromos:

Strawberries and Baskets.

Cherries and Baskets.

Currants. Each 13 x 18.

Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.

Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for ........... $8.00


A copy of paper for one year and

Six American Landscapes. (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9,
price $9.00--for .............................................. $9.00


A copy of paper for one year and either of the
following $10 chromos:

Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/2 x 12

Easter Morning. 14 x 21.

Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/4 x 16-3/8.

Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)
15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two), for  $10.00

Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank Checks on New
York, or Registered letters. The paper will be sent from the first
number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not otherwise ordered.

Postage of paper is payable at the office where received, twenty cents
per year, or five cents per quarter, in advance; the CHROMOS will be
_mailed free_ on receipt of money.

CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be given. For
special terms address the Company.

The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of seeing the
paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A specimen copy sent to any
one desirous of canvassing or getting up a club, on receipt of postage
stamp.

Address,

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,

P.O. Box 2783. No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Caption: THE COMING MILLENNIUM,
WHEN EVERYTHING IS TO BE CHEAP, AND THE WHITE MAN WILL STARVE.]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |  Tourists and leisure Travelers will be find to learn that   |
  |            the Erie Railway Company has prepared             |
  |                                                              |
  |         COMBINATION EXCURSION OR Round Trip Tickets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |    Valid during the entire season, and embracing Ithaca--    |
  | headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake Ontario, the  |
  |  River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake Champlain, Lake  |
  |   George, Saratoga, the White Mountains and all principal    |
  |  points of interest in Northern New York, the Canadas, and   |
  | New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced rates, through  |
  |  Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit the celebrated   |
  | Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that region. By applying  |
  |  at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co., Nos. 241, 529 and   |
  | 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38 Greenwich St.; cor. 125th |
  |   St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338 Fulton St., Brooklyn;    |
  |  Depots foot of Chambers Street, and foot of 23rd St., New   |
  |   York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long Dock Depot, Jersey    |
  | City, and the Agents at the principal hotels, travelers can  |
  |    obtain just the Ticket they desire, as well as all the    |
  |                    necessary information.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |         "The Printing--House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers.                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES. All on the same premises, and under        |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |     "Chas. Dickens." PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art and     |
  |     Bookstores throughout the world. PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED     |
  |           CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs,, or suggestive |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are inclosed.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ....................... $4.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | Single copies .......................................... .10 |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |      or paper, price, $2.50, for ................. 5.50      |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for.. 7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     No 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P. O. Box, 2783. NEW YORK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ORPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11. will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY.                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2ND. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday." will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              *       *       *       *       *               |
  |                                                              |
  | Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from this |
  |                  office, free,) Ten Cents.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for One Year, one copy, with $2 Chromo Premium. |
  |                             $4.                              |
  |                                                              |
  |              *       *       *       *       *               |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one |
  |    who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the    |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |           P. O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau St., New York.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

GEO. W, WHEAT & Co, PRINTER, NO. 8 SPRUCE STREET.









End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 18, July 30,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 18 ***

***** This file should be named 10014.txt or 10014.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10014/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 19, August 6, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 19, August 6, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10015]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 19 ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                           CONANT's                           |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent prepaid, on  |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        J. M. SPRAGUE                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Is the Authorized Agent of                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           For the                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     New England States,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  To Procure Subscriptions,                   |
  |                  and to Employ Canvassers.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+



 Vol. 1. No. 19.


PUNCHINELLO



SATURDAY, AUGUST 6, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,


83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.


       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD, By ORPHEUS C. KERR,
Continued in this Number.

       *       *       *       *       *

See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        J. NICKINSON,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ROOM NO. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street.                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       What it is Not!                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                  The College Courant is NOT                  |
  |                                                              |
  |Merely a small student's sheet,    But is the largest in N. E.|
  |Merely of interest to college men, But to every one.          |
  |Merely a COLLEGE paper,            But is a scientific paper. |
  |Merely a local paper,              But is cosmopolitan.       |
  |Merely scientific and educational, But is literary.           |
  |An experiment,                     But an established weekly. |
  |Conducted by students,             But by graduates.          |
  |Stale and dry,                     But fresh and interesting. |
  |                                                              |
  |               It circulates in every College.                |
  |         It circulates in every Professional School.          |
  |          It circulates in every Preparatory School.          |
  |      It circulates in every State in the United States.      |
  |          It circulates in every civilized country.           |
  |             It circulates among all College men.             |
  |           It circulates among all Scientific men.            |
  |         It circulates among the educated everywhere.         |
  |                                                              |
  |               July 1st a new volume commences.               |
  |           July 1st 10,000 new subscribers wanted.            |
  |        July 1st excellent illustrations will appear.         |
  |        July 1st 10,000 specimen copies to be issued.         |
  |            July 1st is a good time to subscribe.             |
  |         July 1st or any time send stamp for a copy.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |  One year, in advance,  -   -   -   -   -   -   -    $4.00   |
  |  Single copies (for sale by all newsdealers), -  -  -  .10   |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address                            |
  |                     THE COLLEGE COURANT,                     |
  |                       New Haven, Conn.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses, |
  |     can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps.     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P.O. Box 2783.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and       |
  |                        Saleable Work.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for July,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Are offering                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    A SPLENDID ASSORTMENT                     |
  |                            OF THE                            |
  |                   LATEST PARIS NOVELTIES,                    |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                  ROMAN, ECOSSAIS, CARREAUX,                  |
  |                     BROCHE, CHINE, GROS                      |
  |                      GRAIN AND TAFFETA                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        SASH RIBBONS,                         |
  |               IN THE MOST DESIRABLE WIDTHS AND               |
  |                    SHADES OF COLOR. Also,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              Velvet Ribbons, Trimming Ribbons,               |
  |                      Neckties, &c., &c.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              _Great Inducements to Purchasers._              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 4th Ave., 9th and 10th Sts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    HENRY SMITH, President                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 REEVES E. SELMES, Secretary.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     23 Platt Street, and                     |
  |                      20-22 Gold Street,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         DIBBLEEANIA,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Japonica Juice,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        FOR THE HAIR.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  The most effective Soothing and Stimulating Compounds ever  |
  |  offered to the public for the Removal of Scurf, Dandruff,   |
  |                             &c.                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                  For consultation, apply at                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      WILLIAM DIBBLEE'S,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |             Ladies' Hair Dresser and Wig Maker.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                  854 BROADWAY, N. Y. City.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,      |
  |  commencing May 31, will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8:45, and  |
  |   Thirty-fourth at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and   |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  |    Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill,     |
  |  Hudson, and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge   |
  | cars In connection with the day boats will leave on arrival  |
  |   at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare    |
  |   $4.25 from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat   |
  |     Seneca will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ESTABLISHED 1866.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |     JAS R. NICHOLS, M. D., WM. J. ROLFE, A. M., Editors      |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Boston Journal of Chemistry.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Devoted to the Science of                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          HOME LIFE,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |             The Arts, Agriculture, and Medicine.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.00 Per Year.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      _Journal and Punchinello (without Premium) $4.00._      |
  |                                                              |
  |                   SEND FOR SPECIMEN-COPY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address--JOURNAL OF CHEMISTRY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 150 CONGRESS STREET, BOSTON.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


THE

MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XII--(Continued.)

The pauper burial-ground toward which they now progress in a rather
high-stepping manner, or--to vary the phrase--toward which their steps
are now very much bent, is not a favorite resort of the more cheerful
village people after nightfall. Ask any resident of Bumsteadville if he
believed in ghosts, and, if the time were mid-day and the place a
crowded grocery store, he would fearlessly answer in the negative; (just
the same as a Positive philosopher in cast-iron health and with no
thunder shower approaching would undauntedly deny a Deity!) but if any
resident of Bumsteadville should happen to be caught near the country
editor's last home after dark, he would get over that part of his road
in a curiously agile and flighty manner;--(just the same as a Positive
philosopher with a sore throat, or at an uncommonly showy bit of
lightning, would repeat "Now I lay me down to sleep," with surprising
devotion.) So, although no one in all Bumsteadville was in the least
afraid of the pauper burial-ground at any hour, it was not invariably
selected by the great mass of the populace as a peerless place to go
home by at midnight; and the two intellectual explorers find no
sentimental young couples rambling arm in arm among the ghastly
head-boards, nor so much as one loiterer smoking his segar on a
suicide's tomb.

"JOHN McLAUGHLIN, you're getting nervous again," says Mr. BUMSTEAD,
catching him in the coat collar with the handle of his umbrella and
drawing the other toward him hand-over-hand. "It's about time that you
should revert again to the hoary JAMES AKER'S excellent preparation for
the human family.--I'll try it first, myself, to see if it tastes at all
of the cork.

"Ah-h," sighs OLD MORTARITY, after his turn has come and been enjoyed at
last, "that's the kind of Spirits I don't mind being a wrapper to. I
could wrap _them_ up all right."

Reflectively chewing a clove, the Ritualistic organist reclines on the
pauper grave of a former writer for the daily press, and cogitates upon
his companion's leaning to Spiritualism; while the other produces
matches and lights their lanterns.

"Mr. McLAUGHLIN," he solemnly remarks, waving his umbrella at the graves
around, "in this scene you behold the very last of man's individual
being. In this entombment he ends forever. Tremble, J. McLAUGHLIN!
--forever. Soul and Spirit are but unmeaning words, according
to the latest big things in science. The departed Dr. DAVIS SLAVONSKI,
of St. Petersburg, before setting out for the Asylum, proved, by his
Atomic Theory, that men are neatly manufactured of Atoms of matter,
which are continually combining together until they form Man; and then
going through the process of Life, which is but the mechanical effect of
their combination; and then wearing apart again by attrition into the
exhaustion of cohesion called Death; and then crumbling into separate
Atoms of native matter, or dust, again; and then gradually combining
again, as before, and evolving another Man; and Living, and Dying,
again; and so on forever. Thus, and thus only, is Man immortal. You are
made exclusively of Atoms of matter, yourself, JOHN McLAUGHLIN. So am I."

"I can understand a man's believing that _he, himself,_ is all Atoms of
matter, and nothing else," responds OLD MORTARITY, skeptically.

"As how, JOHN McLAUGHLIN,--as how?"

"When he knows that, at any rate, he hasn't got one atom of common
sense," is the answer.

Suddenly Mr. BUMSTEAD arises from the grave and frantically shakes hands
with him.

"You're right, sir!" he says, emotionally. "You're a gooroleman, sir.
The Atom of common sense was one of the Atoms that SLAVONSKI forgot all
about. Let's do some skeletons now."

At the further end of the pauper burial-ground, and in the rear of the
former Alms-House, once stood a building used successively as a
cider-mill, a barn, and a kind of chapel for paupers. Long ago, from
neglect and bad weather, the frail wooden superstructure had fallen into
pieces and been gradually carted off; but a sturdy stone foundation
remained underground; and, although the flooring over it had for many
years been covered with debris and rank growth, so as to be
undistinguishable to common eyes from the general earth around it, the
great cellar still extended beneath, and, according to weird rumor, had
some secret access for OLD MORTARITY, who used it as a charnel
store-house for such spoils of the grave as he found in his prowlings.

To the spot thus historied the two moralists of the moonlight come now,
and, with many tumbles, Mr. McLAUGHLIN removes certain artfully placed
stones and rubbish, and lifts a clumsy extemporized trap-door. Below
appears a ricketty old step-ladder leading into darkness.

"I heard such cries and groans down there, last Christmas Eve, as
sounded worse than the Latin singing in the Ritualistic church,"
observes McLAUGHLIN.

"Cries and groans!" echoes Mr. BUMSTEAD, turning quite pale, and
momentarily forgetting the snakes which he is just beginning to discover
among the stones. "You're getting nervous again, poor wreck, and need
some more West Indian cough-mixture.--Wait until I see for myself
whether it's got enough sugar in it."

In due time the great nervous antidote is passed and replaced, and then,
with the lighted lanterns worked around under their arms, they go down
the tottering ladder. Down they go into a great, damp, musty cavern, to
which their lights give a pallid illumination.

"See here," says OLD MORTARITY, raising a long, curved bone from the
floor. "Look at that: shoulder-blade of unmarried Episcopal lady, aged
thirty-nine."

"How do you know she was so old, and unmarried?" asks the organist.

"Because the shoulder-blade's so sharp."

Mr. Bumstead is surprised at this specimen of the art of an AGASSIZ and
WATERHOUSE HAWKINS in such a mortary old man, and his intellectual pride
causes him to resolve at once upon a rival display.

"Look at this skull, JOHN McLAUGHLIN," he says, referring to an object
that he has found behind the ladder. "See thish fine, retreating brow,
bulging chin, projecting occipital bone, and these orifices of ears that
musht've been stupen'sly long. It's the skull, JOHN McLAUGHLIN, of a
twin-brother of the man who really wished--really wished, JOHN
McLAUGHLIN--that he could be sat'shfied, sir, in his own mind, that
CHARLES DICKENS was a Christian writer."

"Why, thash's skull of a hog," explains Mr. McLAUGHLIN, with some
contempt.

"Twin-brother--all th'shame," says Mr. BUMSTEAD, as though that made no
earthly difference.

Once more, what a strange expedition is this! How strangely the eyes of
the two men look, after two or three more applications to the antique
flask; and how curiously Mr. Bumstead walks on tip-toe at times and
takes short leaps now and then.

"Lesh go now," says BUMSTEAD, after both have been asleep upon their feet
several times; "I think th's snakes down here, JOHN McBUMSTEAD."

"Wh'st! monkies, you mean,--dozens of black monkies, Mr. BUMPLIN,"
whispers OLD MORTARITY, clutching his arm as he sinks against him.

"Noshir! Serp'nts!" insists Mr. BUMSTEAD, making futile attempts to open
his umbrella with one hand. "Warzesmarrer with th' light?--ansh'r me t'
once, Mac JOHNBUNKLIN!"

In their swayings under the confusions and delusions of the vault, their
lanterns have worked around to the neighborhoods of their spines, so
that, whichever way they turn, the light is all behind them. Greatly
agitated, as men are apt to be when surrounded by supernatural
influences, they do not perceive the cause of this apparently unnatural
illumination; and, upon turning round and round in irregular circles,
and still finding the light in the wrong place, they exhibit signs of
great trepidation.

"Warzemarrer wirra _light?_" repeats Mr. BUMSTEAD, spinning wildly until
he brings up against the wall.

"Ishgotb'witched, I b'lieve," pants Mr. McLAUGHLIN, whirling as
frenziedly with his own lantern dangling behind him, and coming to an
abrupt pause against the opposite wall.

Thus, each supported against the stones by a shoulder, they breathe hard
for a moment, and then sink into a slumber in which they both slide down
to the ground. Aroused by the shock, they sit up quite dazed, brush away
the swarming snakes and monkies, are freshly alarmed by discovering that
they are now actually sitting upon that perverse light behind them, and,
by a simultaneous impulse, begin crawling about in search of the ladder.
 Unable to see anything with all the light behind him, but fancying
that he discerns a gleam beyond a dark object near at hand, Mr. BUMSTEAD
rises to a standing attitude by a series of complex manoeuvres, and
plants a foot on something.

"I'morth'larrer!" he cries, spiritedly.

"Th'larrer's on me!" answers Mr. MCLAUGHLIN, in evidently great
bewilderment.

Then ensue a momentary wild struggle and muffled crash; for each
gentleman, coming blindly upon the other, has taken the light glimmering
at the other's back for the light at the top of the ladder, and, further
mistaking the other in the dark for the ladder itself, has attempted to
climb him. Mr. BUMSTEAD, however, has got the first step; whereupon, Mr.
MCLAUGHLIN, in resenting what he takes for the ladder's inexcusable
familiarity, has twisted both himself and his equally deluded companion
into a pretty hard fall.

Another interval of hard breathing, and then the organist of Saint Cow's
asks: "Di'you hear anything drop?"

"Yshir, th'larrer got throwed, f'rimpudence to a gen'l'm'n," is the
peevish return of OLD MORTARITY, who immediately falls asleep as he
lies, with his lantern under his spine.

In his sleep, he dreams that BUMSTEAD examines him closely, with a view
to gaining some clue to the mystery of the light behind both their
backs; and, on finding the lantern under him, and, studying it
profoundly for some time, is suddenly moved to feel along his own back.
He dreams that BUMSTEAD thereupon finds his own lantern, and exclaims,
after half an hour's analytical reflection, "It musht'ave slid round
while JOHN MCLAUGHLIN was intosh'cated." Then, or soon after, the
dreamer awakes, and can discern two Mr. BUMSTEADS seated upon the
step-ladders, with a lantern, baby-like, on each knee.

"You two men are awake at last, eh?" say the organists, with peculiar
smiles.

"Yes, gentlemen," return the MCLAUGHLINS, with yawns.

They ascend silently from the cellar, each believing that he is
accompanied by two companions, and rendered moodily distrustful thereby.

    "Aina maina mona--Mike.
    Bassalone, bona--Strike!"

sings a small, familiar voice, when they stand again above ground, and a
stone whizzes between their heads.

In another moment BUMSTEAD has the fell SMALLEY by the collar, and is
shaking him like a yard of carpet.

"You wretched little tarrier!" he cries in a fury, "you've been spying
around to-night, to find out something about my Spiritualism that may be
distorted to injure my Ritualistic standing."

"I ain't done nothing; and you jest drop me, or I'll knock spots out of
yer!" carols the stony young child. "I jest come to have my aim at that
old Beat there."

"Attend to his case, then--his and his friend's, for he seems to have
some one with him--and never let me see you two boys again."

Thus Mr. BUMSTEAD, as he releases the excited lad, and turns from the
pauper burial-ground for a curious kind of pitching and running walk
homeward. The strange expedition is at an end:-but _which_ end he is
unable just then to decide.

(_To be Continued._)

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: CLERKS ALL AWAY ON A SATURDAY FROLIC, WHICH ACCOUNTS FOR
THE UNFORTUNATE POSITION OF THIS STOUT GENTLEMAN, WHO WAS LEFT ALONE TO
LOCK UP HIS STORE.]


       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE.]

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_Johnny_.--Yes, you may offer your arm to your pretty cousin in the
country whenever you think she would like it, except when Mr.
PUNCHINELLO is present. If that gallant gentleman is at hand, escort
duty may, with perfect propriety, be left to him.

_Charles_ inquires whether his handwriting is good enough to qualify him
for membership in a base ball club. We think he is all right on that
score.

_Glaucus._--We have never heard that Newport is a good place for
gathering sea-shells, but we presume you can shell out there if you
wish.

_Chapeau_.--Hats will be worn on the head this season. It is not
considered stylish to hang them on the ear, eyebrow, or coat collar.

_Cit._--The correct dimensions of a Saratoga pocket-book have not been
definitely decided. As to sending it, it is doubtful whether the
rail-road companies would receive it as baggage. Perhaps you could
charter a canal boat.

_Aspirant_.--We cannot tell you the price of "bored" in Washington "for
a few weeks." No doubt you could get liberally bored at a reasonable
rate.

_Sorosis_--It was very wrong for your husband to mention the muddy
coffee. However, we advise you to attempt a settlement of such troubles
without creating a public scandal.

_Butcher Boy_.--You cannot succeed as a writer of "lite comidy" if you
continue to weave such tragic spells. "The Lean Larder" would not be an
attractive title for your play.

_C. Drincarty_ submits the following problem: If one swallow don't make
a summer, how many claret punches can a man take before fall? Will some
of our ingenious readers offer a suitable solution?

_Culturist_.--The potato has been grafted with great success on the
cucumber tree in some of the Western States. The stock should be heated
by a slow fire until the sap starts. The grafts should be boiled in a
preparation known to science as vanilla cream.

_Truth_.--Your information is not authentic. LOUIS NAPOLEON never played
marbles in Central Park, nor took his little Nap in the vestibule of
WOOD'S Museum.

_Fanny_ inquires whether "ballot girls" are wanted in New York. Wyoming
is a better field for them than this city.

_Maine Chance_ has been paying his _devoirs_ with great impartiality to
two young ladies. One of them has red hair and a Roman nose, but the
paternal income is very handsome. The other is witty and pretty, but can
bring no rocks, except possibly "Rock the cradle." Recently he called on
the golden girl, and a menial rudely repulsed him from the door. This
hurt his feelings. He then went to the dwelling of the Fair, when a big
dog attacked him "on purpose," and lacerated his trousers. He wants to
know whether he has any remedy in the courts. His best way is the way
home.

_Rifleman_.--You are right; the rival guns--the Dreyse and the
Chassepot--are also rifle-guns. Both of them are provided with needles,
as you suppose, but, so far as there is any chance of their being put to
the test under present circumstances, in Europe, it rather appears that
both of them will prove Needless.

_Piscator_.--No; the weak-fish is not so called on account of any
supposed feebleness attributable to it. If you take a round of the
markets one of these roaring hot days, your senses will tell you that
the weakfish is sometimes very strong.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

As a good many persons know, LA GISELLE is a ballet whose hundred legs
are nightly displayed on the stage of the GRAND OPERA HOUSE.

The _Twelve Temptations_ have ceased to tempt, and the familiar legs of
LUPE no longer allure. But in their place we have KATHI LANNER, and
BERTHA LIND, and nearly a gross of assorted legs of the very best
quality.

Why do the women clamor for the ballot, when they have almost exclusive
possession of the ballet? The latter is much nicer and more useful than
the former. The average repeater can obtain only a dollar for his
ballot, but the average ballet will find any quantity of enthusiastic
admirers at one dollar and a half a head. Would any man pay KATHI LANNER
a dollar for the privilege of seeing her with a ballot in her hand?

On the other hand, lives there a man with eyes so dead that he would not
cheerfully pay twice that sum to see her in the mazes of the ballet?

But _La Giselle_? Certainly. I am coming to that in a moment. I have
often thought that nature must have intended me for a writer of sermons.
I have such a facility for beginning an article with a series of general
remarks that have nothing whatever to do with the subject.

Though how can any one be rationally expected to stick to anything in
this weather, except, perhaps, the newly varnished surface of his desk?
And how can even the firmest of resolutions be prevented from melting
and vanishing away, with the thermometer at more degrees than one likes
to mention? You remember the old proverb: "Man proposes, but his
mother-in-law finally disposes." The bearing of this observation lies in
its application.

By the bye, I don't know a better application, in the present weather,
than claret punch. Apply yourself continually to that cooling beverage,
and apply it continually to your lips, and the result is a sort of
reciprocity treat, whose results are much more certain than those of the
reciprocity treaty, of which Congress has latterly had so much to say.

To contemplate _La Giselle_ in all its bearings is a pleasure which is
peculiarly appropriate to the season. KATHI LANNER and her companions
may not be really cool, but they look as though they were. They remind
one of the East Indian country houses that are built on posts, so as to
allow a free circulation of air beneath the foundation. Anyhow, they
look as if they took things coolly.

(A joke might be made on the words coolly and Coolie. The reader may mix
to his own taste. It's too hot for any one to make jokes for other
people.)

But _La Giselle_? Yes! yes! I am just ready to speak of it. _La Giselle_
is a grand ballet in which an elaborate plot is developed by the toes of
some fifty young ladies. There is a young woman in it who loves a man,
and there is another woman who also loves him, and another man who loves
the first woman, and meddles and mars as though he were a professional
philanthropist.

The woman--the first woman, I mean--goes crazy down to the extremity of
her feet, and dies, and then there are more women,--no; these last are
disembodied spirits, with nothing but light skirts on,--who dance in
graveyards, and make young men dance with them till they fall down
exhausted, calling in vain for BROWN to take them home in carriages, and
pay for their torn gloves. The first young woman, and a young man--not
the other young man, you understand--does a good deal of--Well, in
fact, things are rather mixed before the ballet comes to an end, but I
know that it's a good thing, for FISK sits in his private box and
applauds it, which he wouldn't do if he didn't.

And now, having placed _La Giselle_ plainly before your mental vision, I
desire to rise to a personal explanation. For the ensuing four weeks,
the places, in PUNCHINELLO, which have heretofore known me, will
know me no more. I am going to a quiet country place on Long Island to
write war correspondence for the--well, I won't mention the name of the
paper. You see the editor of the _Na----_ of the paper in question, I
should say,--wants to have an independent and unprejudiced account of
the great struggle on the Rhine--something that shall be different from
any other account.--Down on Long Island, I shall be out of the reach of
either French or Prussian influence, and will be able to describe events
as they should be. I have made arrangements with the "Veteran Observer"
of the _Times_ to take charge of this column during my absence. If he
can only curb his natural tendency toward frivolity and jocoseness, I am
in hopes that he will be able to draw his salary as promptly and
efficiently as though he were a younger man. Remarking, therefore, in
the words of _Kathleen Mavourneen_, that my absence "may be four weeks,
and it may be longer," I bid my readers a warm (thermometer one hundred
and five degrees) farewell.

MATADOR.


       *       *       *       *       *


JUPITER BELLICOSUS.

Truly, PUNCHINELLO, this is an age of progress. Wars of succession
are no more. Absolutism must forever hang its head. Fling a glance at
France; peer into Prussia, _Vox populi_ is the voice of the King, and
the voice of the king is therefore _vox Dei_. When a king speaks for his
people he must speak sooth; what he says of other peoples must be taken
with a grain of salt. Bearing this in mind, the apparent inconsistency
between the regal rigmarole and the Imperial improvisation (these
epithets are a tribute to the Republic) which I have received by our
_special wire_ from Europe were addressed by the monarchs to their
respective armies before the grand "wiring in" which is to follow.

WILHELM KOENIG VON PRUSSEN.

_Soldaten_: The Gaul is at our gates. _Vaterland_ is in danger: my
_weiss_ is then for war. France, led by a despot, is about to desecrate
the Rhine. His imperial bees are swarming, but we shall send him back
with his bees in his bonnet, and a bee's mark (BISMARCK) on the end of
his nasal organ. France wars for conquest; Prussia never. When FREDERICK
the Great captured Silesia from a Roman without any apparent pretext,
was he not an instrument of Providence? When, in company with Austria,
we beat and bullied Denmark out of Schleswig-Holstein, were we not
victorious, and is not that sufficient justification? When we afterwards
beat this Austria, did it not serve her right? And when we absorbed
Hanover, &c., was it not to protect them? Yes, our present object is the
defence of our country and the capture of Alsace and Lorraine, which
mere politeness prevented us from claiming hitherto. On, then, soldiers
of Deutchland. Let our _law reign_ in Lorraine, for what is sauce for
the Prussian goose should be Alsace for the Gallic gander. The God of
battles is on the side of our just cause; Leipsic is looking at us,
Waterloo is watching us. GOTT _und_ WILHELM, _sauerkraut und schnapps.
Vorwarts._

NAPOLEON, EMPEREUR DES FRANCAIS.

_Soldats:_ True to your trust in me, I am about to lead you to
slaughter. _L'Empire c'est la paix_. Prussia would place a poor and
distant relative of mine on the throne of Spain, therefore must we
recover the natural frontier of France, which lies upon the Rhine. The
rhino is ready, and we are ready for the Rhine. Let my red republican
subjects recall Valmy and Jemappes, and their generals KELLERMANN and
DUMAURIOZ. Let every Frenchman kill a Prussian, every woman too _kill
her man_. They did much for _la patrie_ in those days, but do _more ye
to-day_. France wars for ideas only; Prussia for rapine. We have heard
this Rhine-whine long enough; it has got into our heads at last.

The spirit of my uncle has its eye upon you. Ambition was no part of his
nature. His struggles were all for the good of France, "which he loved
so much," as he himself said at his country-seat at St. Helena. Marshal,
then, to the notes of the _Marseillaise_, which I now generously permit
you to sing.

The Gallic rooster shall "cackle, cackle, clap his wings and crow,"
_Unter der Linden_. Jena judges us, Auerstedt is _our status_. The Man
of Destiny and December calls you. The God of armies (who marches with
the strongest battalions) is with us.

_La gloire et des Grenouilles_, France and fried potatoes. _L'Empire et
moi et le prince Imperial. En avant marche!_


       *       *       *       *       *


A District that ought to be subject to Earthquakes.

Rockland County.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE CELESTIAL SCARECROW IN MASSACHUSETTS.

IT CONSISTS OF A CHINESE GONG AND A LOT OF PUPPETS WORKED BY THE HANDS OF
CAPITAL; AND SOME PERSONS THINK IT A GOOD JOKE.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE VULTURE'S CALL.

          Come--sisters--come!
      The din of arms is rising from the vale,
        Bright arms are glittering in the morning sun
      And trumpet tones are ringing in the gale!
          Hurrah-hurrah!
          As fast and far
      We hurry to behold the blithesome game of War!

          Haste--sisters--haste!
      The drums are booming, shrill fifes whistling clear,
        The scent of human blood is in the blast,
      And the load cannon stuns the startled ear.
          Away--away!
          To view the fray,
      For us a feast is spread when Man goes forth to slay.

          Rest--sisters--rest!
      Here on these blasted pines; and mark beneath
        How war's red whirlwind shakes earth's crazy breast
      And cumbers it with agony and death.
          Toil, soldiers, toil,
          Through war's turmoil,
      We Vultures gain the prize--we Vultures share the spoil.


       *       *       *       *       *


Not Generally Known.

The new three cent stamp smacks of the Revolution; containing, as it
does, the portraits of two military heroes of that period. General
WASHINGTON will be recognized at once, while in the background can be
discerned that brilliant officer--General GREEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

Our Future Millionaires.

Once let the Celestials get our American way of doing business, and
there will be plenty of China ASTORS among us.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.

CANTO II.

      "Hey! Diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle
        The cow jumped over the moon.
      The little dog laughed to see the sport,
        And the dish ran after the spoon."

These were the classic expressions of the hilarious poet of a period far
back in the vista of ages. How vividly they portray the exalted state of
his mind; and how impressed the public must have been at the time; for
did not the words become popular immediately, and have they not so
continued to the present day?

Every mother immediately seized upon the verse, and, setting it to music
of her own, sang it as a cradle song to soothe the troubles of
infanthood, and repeated it in great glee to the intelligent babe when
in a crowing mood, as the poem most fitted for the infant's brain to
comprehend.

Papa, anxious to watch the unfolding of the human mind, and its gradual
development, would take the baby-prodigy in his arms, and with keen
glance directed upon its face, repeat, in thrilling tones, the sublime
words. With what joy would he remark and comment upon any gleam of
intelligence, and again and again would he recite, in an impressive
voice, those words so calculated to aid in bringing into blossom the bud
of promise.

But who can meditate upon the memorable stanzas, and not see, in fancy,
the enthusiastic youth--the lover of melody and of nature--as he enters
his dingy room, the ordinary abiding place of poetical geniuses. He
sees his beloved fiddle, and his no less beloved feline friend, in
loving conjunction; he bursts out rapturously with impetuous joy:

      "Hey! diddle diddle, the cat and the fiddle!"

He sees the two things dearest to his heart, and sees them both at one
time! And he must be excused for his sudden night into the regions of
classicism.

No wonder that he immediately imagines the world to be as full of joy as
he himself, and that he thinks

       "The cow jumped over the moon."

Perhaps the sight was a sufficient re-moon-eration to him for his past
troubles; and the exhilaration of his spirits caused him to dance, to
cut pigeon-wings, and otherwise gaily disport himself; consequently,

       "The little dog laughed to see the sport,"

which every intelligent dog would have done, under the circumstances.
Certainly, dear reader, you would have done so yourself.

The hilariousness of the poet increasing, and his joyfulness expanding,
his manifestations did not confine themselves to simple dancing-steps
and an occasional pigeon-wing, but, inadvertently perhaps, he introduced
the "can-can," and that explains why

       "The dish ran away with the spoon."

For the end of his excited toe came in contact with his only dish and
spoon, and propelled them to the other side of the room. As he does not
tell us whether the dish remained whole after its escapade, we must
conclude that it was broken, and that the dreadful accident caused,
immediately, a damp to descend upon his effervescent spirits.

In what better way could he give vent to his feelings than in
descriptive verse? He could not shed his tears upon the paper and hand
them around for inspection, or write a melancholy sonnet on the frailty
of crockery, as a relief to his mind. No! he chose the course best
fitted to command public attention, as the result proved. He told his
tale--its cause and effect--in as few words as possible. Fortunate if
other poets would only do the same!

       *       *       *       *       *

An Ornithological Con.

What bird does General PRIM most resemble?
A Kingfisher.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: NOTES ON THE FERRY.

MR. CARAMEL, WHO IS OBSERVANT, CONTEMPLATIVE, AND GIVEN TO COMPARISON,
ARRIVES AT THE CONCLUSION THAT SOME WOMEN ARE NICER THAN OTHERS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MISERIES OF A HANDSOME MAN.

Ever since my earliest recollections I have been a victim to
circumstances.

Beauty, which others desire and try every means to obtain, to me has
been a source of untold misery. From my infancy, when ugly women with
horrid breaths would stop my nurse in the streets and insist upon
kissing me--through my school-days, when the girls would pet me and
offer me a share of their nuts and candies, and the boys laugh at me in
consequence, and call me "gal-boy," squirt ink upon my face for
beauty-spots, and present me with curl-papers and flowers for my
hair--until the present, when I am denied introductions to young ladies
and am put off on old women--I have suffered for my looks.

In my boarding-house I am shunned as if I had the plague. When I enter
the parlor or dining-room, I see the ladies look at each other with a
knowing air, as much as to say, "Look at him!" And the answer is
telegraphed back, "Ain't he handsome? but he knows it," as if I could
help knowing it with every one telling me so fifty times a day; and
husbands pay unusual attention to their wives when I am around, as if I
were an ogre.

I am naturally a modest man, made more so by my extreme sensitiveness to
personal criticism; and to be obliged to stand apparently unconscious,
when I know I am being looked at and commented upon, is harrowing to my
feelings. I feel sometimes as if I should drop down on the floor, but
then folks would never stop laughing if I did, at what they would be
pleased to term my extreme ladylikeness! I have actually prayed that I
might get the small-pox, and once walked through the small-pox hospital
for that purpose, but escaped unharmed.

I suppose I must have been vaccinated. In fact, I know I have been, for
how often have I looked at the scar on my arm, and wished it had been on
my cheek, or at the end of my nose, or, in fact, on any place where it
might be considered a blemish.

When I was a child I came near killing myself one night by going to bed
with two large bottle-corks thrust into my nostrils, to make them large,
like other boys'; and have made my mouth sore by stretching it with my
fingers, or forcing melon-rinds into it, to enlarge it. But it was
useless; perhaps the mouth might be sore for a couple of days, but its
shape remained unaltered.

Now that I am a man, I am as unfortunate as ever. My hair _will_ curl,
even when shaved within half-an-inch of the scalp; my moustache will
stay jet-black, although I sometimes wax the ends of it with soap, and
walk on the sunny side of Broadway; my teeth are perfect, and I never
need a dentist; and my hands are shameful for a man,--so all my
old-maid-aunts and bachelor-uncles say.

My affections have been trifled with several times, "because," as they
said, "when they had drawn me to the proposing point, I was too handsome
to be good for anything as a husband--I did very well for a beau."
Goodness! is it only ugly men that can marry? I want to marry and settle
down; for I am so slighted in society that I look with envy upon homely
or mis-shapen men.

But who will have me? I put it to you, my friend, if it isn't a hard
case. I want an intelligent and agreeable wife, and one that comes of a
respectable family. I don't think I am asking too much, but it seems
fate has determined such a one I can never have! I have either to remain
single, or take one that is "ignorant and vulgar." That, of course,
would be as much remarked upon as my appearance, so it cannot be thought
of.

I want to escape observation and criticism. I think strongly of
emigrating to the Rocky Mountains, donning a rough garb, and digging for
gold, in the hope of getting round-shouldered; or hiring myself out as a
wood-chopper, in anticipation of a chip flying up and taking off part of
my obnoxious nose.

If there were no women around, I might escape notice out there. But if
one happened to come along, I should be obliged to leave, for her eyes
would ferret out my unfortunate peculiarities, and all my wounds would
be opened afresh. Sometimes I think there is no spot on the globe where
I would be welcomed; and I feel inclined to commit some desperate deed,
that I may be arrested and confined out of the sight of man and
woman-kind, until I am aged and bent enough to be presentable.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

Passing down Chatham street the other day, PUNCHINELLO stopped in front
of a window where hung a highly-colored engraving of an Austrian
sovereign engaged in the Easter ceremony of washing the feet of twelve
old men and women.

An Irishman at our side, who had been puzzling some time to comprehend
the problem thus submitted to him, finally broke out:

"An' may I ax ye, misther, to be koind enough to exshplain phat in the
wurruld that owld roosther's doin'?" pointing to the figure of the
kneeling monarch.

"He is washing the feet of the ladies and gentlemen," mildly put in
PUNCHINELLO.

"Bedad," says PAT, "don't I see that for meself; but phatis he doin' it
for?"

"It is a ceremony of the Catholic Church," PUNCHINELLO explained,
"typical of the washing of the feet of the Twelve Apostles."

PAT eyed PUNCHINELLO askance with an expression which plainly enough
said that he did not believe we had been reared to tell the truth
strictly upon all occasions, and then added:

"Bad cess to your manners, then, don't I know betther nor that; for
haven't I been in the church these forty years, and sorrow a sowl ever
washed _me_ feet!"

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE SITUATION IN EUROPE.

  INTO "BIZ" LOUIS NAP HE IS GOING,
  TO PAY OFF THE DEBTS THAT HE'S OWING;
  DETERMINED THAT HE WILL MAKE _his_ MARK,
  BY TAKING THE CHANGE OUT OF BISMARCK.]

       *       *       *       *       *

FROM AN ANXIOUS MOTHER TO HER DAUGHTER.

[Who is at a Watering Place.]

NEW YORK, July 12, 1870.

MY DEAR DAUGHTER: How are you getting on, dear? Well, I hope, for you
know I _do_ want to get you off, desperately. Thirty-seven, and still on
my hands! Mr. GUSHER, of the Four-hundred-and-thirty-ninth Avenue, goes
down next Saturday. He will hunt you up. Mr. GUSHER is a nice man--so
sympathetic and kind; and has such a lovely moustache. Besides, my dear
SOPHY, he has oceans of stamps. Quite true, my child, he hasn't much of
anything else, but girls at thirty-seven must not have too sharp eyes,
nor see too much. Do, dear, try and fix him if you can. Put all your
little artifices into effect. Walk, if possible, by moonlight, and
alone; that is, with him. Talk, as you know you can, of the sweets of
love and the delights of home. Dwell on the felicities of love in a
cottage, and if he doesn't see it, dilate on the article in a
brown-stone front, with marble steps. Picture to him in the most glowing
terms the joys of the fireside, with fond you by his side. If he hints
that a fireside in July is slightly tepid, thoughtfully suggest that it
is merely a figure of speech, and introduce an episode of cream to cool
it. Quote vehemently from TENNYSON, and LONGFELLOW, and Mrs. BROWNING.
Bring the artillery of your eyes to bear squarely on the mark. Remember
that thirty-seven years and an anxious mother are steadily looking down
upon you.

Cut SMIRCH. SMIRCH is a worthless fellow. Would you believe it? his
father makes boot-pegs for a living. The house of WIGGINS cannot consort
with the son of one who pegs along in life in this manner! Never. Banish
SMIRCH. Don't let SMIRCH even look at your footprints on the beach.

Then there is Mr. BLUSTER. What is he? Who? Impertinent puppy! Pretended
to own a corner-house on the Twenty-fifth Avenue, and wanted to know how
_I_ should like it? Like it? I should like to see him in Sing-Sing! _He_
own a house?--a brass foundry more like, and that in his face! Keep a
sharp eye on BLUSTER and his blarney. He's what our neighbor GINGER
calls a "beat," whatever that is--a squash, no doubt.

Don't spare any pains, my dear, for a market. I was only twenty-six when
I married the late lamented Mr. WIGGINS. And a dear good man he
was--only I wish he had paid his bills at the corner groceries. How he
_did_ love, my dear--that favorite demijohn in the corner! And then when
he came home at night with such a smile--he'd been taking them all day.
Don't fail to catch somebody. GUSHER, depend, is the man. Money is
everything. Never mind what he hasn't got just under the hat. It is the
pocket you must aim at. What is life and society--what New York--without
money? Say you love him to distraction. Declare your existence is bound
up in his. (Greenback binding.) Throw yourself at his feet at the
opportune moment, and victory must be yours. Impale him at all hazards.
Remember you are thirty-seven and well on in life. Your own loving

MARIA ANASTASIA WIGGINS.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PUMP.

An Old Story with a Modern Application.

      Like rifts of sunshine, her tresses
        Waved over her shoulders bare,
      And she flitted as light o'er the meadows,
        As an angel in the air.

      "O maid of the country, rest thee
        This village pump beside,
      And here thou shalt fill thy pitcher,
        Like REBECCA, the well beside!"

      But a voice from yonder window
        Through my shuddering senses ran,
      And these were its words: "MARIA-R!
        MA-RIA-R! don't-mind-that-man!"

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: LUCIFERS LITTLE GAME WITH HIS ROYAL PUPPETS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN'S EXPERIENCE AS AN EDITOR.

Lively Times in the Editorial Sanctum.--The "Lait Gustise" handled
Roughly.

"Whooray! Whooray!" I exclaimed, rushin' into the kitchen door, one
mornin' last spring, and addressin' Mrs. GREEN. "I've been invited to
edit the _Skeensboro Fish Horn_. Fame, madam, awaits your talented
pardner."

"Talented Lunkhead, you mean," said this interestin' femail; "you'd look
sweet editin' a noose paper. So would H. WARD BEECHER dancin' 'shoo-fly'
along with DAN BRYANT. Don't make a fool of yourself if you know
anything, HIRAM, and respect your family."

The above conversation was the prelude to my first and last experience
in editin' a country paper.

The editor of the "Fish Horn" went on a pleasure trip, to plant a rich
ant who had died and left him some cash.

Durin' his absence I run his paper for him. Seatin' my form on top of the
nail keg, with shears and paste brush I prepared to show this ere
community how to run a noosepaper.

I writ the follerin' little squibs and put 'em in my first issue.

"If a sertin lite complexion man wouldn't run his hands down into sugar
barrels so often, when visitin' grosery stores, it would be money in the
pocket of the Skeensboro merchants"--

"Query. Wonder how a farmer in this town, whose name we will not rite,
likes burnin' wood from his nabor's wood-pile?"--

"We would advise a sertin toothles old made to leave off paintin' her
cheeks, and stop slanderin' her nabors. If she does so, she will be a
more interestin' femail to have around."--

"Stop Thief.--If that Deekin, who trades at one of our grocery stores,
and helps himself to ten cents worth of tobacker while buyin' one cents
worth of pipes, will devide up his custom, it would be doing the square
thing by the man who has kept him in tobacker for several years."

These articles was like the bustin' of a lot of bombshells in this
usually quiet boro.

The Deekins called a church meetin', and played a game of old sledge, to
see who would call and demand satisfaction for the insult. As they all
smoked, they couldn't tell who was hit, as their tobacker bill was small
all around.

Deekin PERKINS got beat when they come to "saw off."

Said this pious man:

"If old GREEN don't chaw his words, I'll bust his gizzard."

The farmers met at SIMMINSES store. After tryin' on the garment about
steelin' wood, it was hard to decide who the coat fit the best, but each
one made up his mind to pay off an old grudge and "pitch into the Lait
Gustise."

All the old mades met together in the village milliner shop, where the
Sore-eye-siss society held meetin's once a week, and their false teeth
trembled like a rattlesnake's tail, when they read my artickle about old
mades.

It was finally resolved by this anshient lot of caliker to "stir up old
GREEN."

Headed by SARY YOUMANS, the crossest old made in the U.S., and all armed
with broom-sticks and darnin'-needles, the door of my editorial offis
was busted open, and the whole caboodle of wimmen, famishin' for my top
hair, entered.

They foamed at the mouth like a pack of dissappinted Orpheus--C--Kerrs,
as they brandished their wepins over my bald head.

"Squire GREEN," sed a maskaline lookin' specimen of time worn caliker,
holdin' a copy of the _Fish Horn_ in her bony fingers, "did you rite
that 'ere?"

"Wall," sed I, feelin' somewhat riled at the sassy crowd, "s'posen I did
or didn't, what on it?"

"We are goin' to visit the wrath of a down-trodden rase upon your
frontispiece, that's what we is, d'ye hear, old Pilgarlick?" said the
exasperated 16th Amendmenter, as she brought down her gingham umbrella
over my shoulders.

At this they all rushed for me. With paste-brush and shears I kept them
off, until somebody pushed me over a woman who had got tripped up, when
the army of infuriated Amazons piled onto my aged form.

This round dident last more'n two minutes, for as soon as they got me
down, they all stuck their confounded needles into me, and then left me
lookin' more like a porkupine than a human bein'.

I hadent more'n had time to pull out a few quarts of needles, before in
walks 2 big strappin' farmers.

"Old man, we've come for you," said one of 'em. "We'll larn you to
slander honest fokes."

At this he let fly his rite bute at my cote skirts.

I was home-sick, you can jest bet. Then t'other chap let me have it.

"Down stairs with him," sed they both, and down I went, pooty lively for
an old man.

Just as I got to the bottom I lit on a man's head. It was Deekin PERKINS
comein' to "bust my gizzard."

"Hevings and airth," sed the Deekin as he tumbled over in the entry way.
I jumped behind a door, emejutly, and as the farmers proceeded to polish
off the Deekin, I was willin' to forgive both of 'em, as the Deekin
groaned and yelled.

Yes siree! it was soothin' fun for me, to see them farmers welt the
Deekin.

Steelin' up stairs agin, I was brushin' off my clothes, when in walks
EBENEZER.

"Sawtel," said he, ceasin' me by the cote coller and shakin' me, "Ile
larn you to rite about steelin' sugar; take that--and that," at which he
let fly his bute, and down stairs I went agin--Eben urgin' me on with
his bute.--

Suffice to say, the whole village called on me that day, and I was
kicked down stairs 32 times by the watch.--Hosswhipt by 17
wimmen--besides bein' stuck full of needles by a lot more.

I got so used to bein' kicked down stairs, that evry time a man come in
the door, I would place my back towards him and sing out:

"Kick away, my friend, I'm in the Editorial biziness to-day--to-morrow I
go hents--there's rather too much exsitement runnin' a noosepaper, and I
shall resine this evenin."

When I got home that nite, I looked like an angel carryin' a palm-leaf
fan in his hand, and clothed in purple and fine linen. My body was
purpler than a huckleberry pie, and my linen was torn into pieces finer
than a postage-stamp.

"Sarved you rite, you old fool," said Mrs. GREEN, as she stood rubbin'
camfire onto me. "In ritin' noosepaper articles, editors orter name
their man. A shoe which hain't bilt for anybody in particular, will get
onto evrybody in general's foot. When it does, the bilder had better get
ready for numerous bootin's, from that self-same shoe."

Between you and I, PUNCHINELLO, MARIAH is about 1/2 rite. Too-rally
ewers.

HIRAM: GREEN, ESQ.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._


       *       *       *       *       *


COMIC ZOOLOGY

Order, Cetacea.--The Right (and wrong) Whale.

The largest of the Cetacea is the Right whale, of which--so persistently
is it hunted down--there will soon be but few Left. Some flippant jokist
has remarked that there is no Wrong whale, but this is all Oily Gammon.
There is a right and a wrong to everything--not excepting the leviathan
of the deep.

By the courtesy of the Fisheries, the planting of a harpoon in the
vitals of a Right whale gives the planter a pre-emption claim to it. If
subsequently appropriated by another party it becomes, so far as that
party is concerned, the Wrong whale, and on Trying the case its value
may be recovered in a court of law,--with Whaling costs.

The sperm whale, or cachalot, (genus _physeter_) is a rare visitor in
the higher latitudes. Now and then a solitary specimen is taken in the
Northern Atlantic, but the best place to catch a lot is on the Pacific
coast. It may be mentioned incidentally, as a curious meteorological
coincidence, that Whales and Waterspouts are invariably seen together,
and hence it was, (perhaps,) that the long-necked cloud pointed out by
HAMLET to POLONIUS, reminded that old Grampus of a Whale.

The favorite food of the great marine mammal of the Pacific is the
Squid, and as this little creature swarms in the vicinity of Hawaii, the
cachalot instinctively goes there at certain seasons to chew its Squid
by way of a Sandwich.

Although the capture of the whale involves an immense amount of Paying
Out before anything can be realized, it has probably always been a
lucrative pursuit. The great fish seems, however, to have yielded the
greatest Prophet in the days of JONAH. No man since then has enjoyed the
same facilities for forming a true estimate of the value of the monster,
that were vouchsafed to that singular man. Perhaps during his visit to
Nineveh he entertained the Ninnies with a learned lecture on the
subject, but if so, it has not turned up to reward the research of
modern Archaeologists. LAYARD found the word JONAH inscribed among the
ruins of the old Assyrian city, but the name of the ancient mariner was
unaccompanied by any mention of the whale.

All the whale family, though apparently phlegmatic, are somewhat given
to Blowing up, and, when about to die, instead of taking the matter
coolly and philosophically, they are always terribly Flurried. In fact,
the whale, when in _articulo mortis_, makes a more tremendous rumpus
about its latter end than any other animal either of the sea or land.

The Right whale, though many people make Light of it, is unquestionably
the heaviest of living creatures. Scales never contained anything so
ponderous. But while conceding to Leviathan the proud title of Monarch
of the Deep, it should be remarked that it has a rival on the land,
known as Old King Coal, that completely takes the Shine out of it.


       *       *       *       *       *


THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

At Newport, one cannot fail to perceive a certain atmosphere of blue
blood--but it must not be understood, from this expression, that the air
is filled with cerulean gore. Mr. P. merely wished to remark that the
society at that watering place is very aristocratic. He felt the
influence himself, although he staid there only a few days. His
aristocratic impulses all came out. Whether they staid out or not
remains to be seen.

But no matter. He found many of the best people in Newport, and he felt
congenial. When a fellow sits at his wine with men like JOHN T. HOFFMAN,
and AUGUST BELMONT, and PARAN STEVENS; and takes the air with Mrs. J.F.,
Jr., behind her delightful four-in-hand, he is apt to feel a little
"uppish." If anyone doubts it let him try it. At the Atlantic Hotel they
gave Mr. P. the room which had been recently vacated by Gov. PADELFORD.
He was glad to hear this. He liked the room a great deal better when he
heard that the Governor wasn't there any more.

The first walk that he took on the beach proved to him that this was no
place for illiterate snobs and shoddyites. Everybody talked of high
moral aims, or questions of deep import, (especially the high tariff
Congressmen,) and even the little girls who were sitting in the shade,
(with big white umbrellas over them to keep the freckles off,) were
puzzling their heads over charades and enigmas, instead of running
around and making little Frou-Frous of themselves. Mr. P. composed an
enigma for a group of these young students. Said he:

    "My first is a useless expense.
    My second is a useless expense.
    My third is a useless expense.
    My fourth is a useless expense.
    My fifth is a useless expense.
    My sixth is a useless expense,
    and so is my eighth, ninth, tenth, and eleventh, and all the rest
    of my parts, of which there are three hundred and fifty.

    My whole is a useless expense, and sits at Washington."

The dear little girls were not long in guessing this ingenious enigma
and while they were rejoicing over their success, Mr. P. was suddenly
addressed by a man who had been standing behind him. Starting
little, he turned around and was thus addressed by his unknown
listener.

"Sir," said that individual, "do I understand you to mean that the
Congress of the United States is a useless expense?"

"Well, sir," said Mr. P., with a smile, "as it costs a great deal and
does very little, I cannot but think it is both useless and expensive."

"Then sir," said the other, "you must think the whole institution is a
nuisance generally."

"You put it very strongly," said Mr. P., "but I fear that you are about
right."

"Sir!" cried the gentleman, his face beaming with an indescribable
expression. "Give me your hand! I am glad to know you. I agree with you
exactly. My name is WHITTEMORE."

But Mr. P. did not waste all his time in talking to strangers and
concocting enigmas. He had come to Newport with a purpose. It was none
of the ordinary purposes of watering place visitors. These he could
carry out elsewhere.

His object in coming here was grand, unusual and romantic. _He came to
be rescued by IDA LEWIS!_

It was not easy to devise a plan for this noble design, and it was not
until the morning of the second day of his visit, that Mr. P. was ready
for the adventure. Then he hired a boat, and set sail, alone, o'er the
boundless bosom of the Atlantic.

He had not sailed more than a few hours on said boundless bosom, before
he turned his prow back towards land,--towards the far-famed Lime Rocks,
on which the intrepid heroine dwells. He had thought of being wrecked at
night, but fearing that IDA might not be able to find him in the dark,
he gave up this idea. His present intention was that Miss LEWIS should
believe him to be a lonely mariner from a far distance, tossed by the
angry waves upon her rock-bound coast But there was a certain difficulty
in the way, which Mr. P. feared would prove fatal to his hopes.

The sea was just as smooth as glass!

And the wind all died away!

There was not enough left to ruffle a squirrel's tail. How absurd the
situation! How could he ever be dashed helpless upon the rocks under
such circumstances?

The tide was setting in, and as he gradually drifted towards the land,
he saw the storied rocks, and even perceived Miss IDA, sitting upon a
shady prominence, crocheting a tidy.

What should he do to attract her attention? How put himself in imminent
peril? His anxiety for a time was dreadful, but he thought of a plan. He
got out his knife and whittled the mast half through.

"Now," thought he, "if my mast and rigging go by the board, she will
surely come and rescue me!"

But the mast and rigging were as obstinate as outside speculators in
Wall street,--they would not go by the board,--and Mr. P. was obliged at
last to break down the mast by main force. But the lady heard not the
awful crash, and little weened that a fellow-being was out alone on the
wild watery waste, in a shipwrecked bark! After waiting for some time,
that she might ween this terrible truth, Mr. P, concluded that there was
nothing to do but to spring a leak.

But he found this difficult. Kick as hard as he might, he could not
loosen a bottom board. And he had no auger! The Lime Rocks were getting
nearer and nearer. Would he drift safely ashore?

"Oh! how can I wreck myself, 'ere it be too late?" he cried, in the
agony of his heart. Wild with apprehensions of reaching the land without
danger, he sat down and madly whittled a hole in the bottom of the boat,
making it, as nearly as possible, such a one as a sword fish would be
likely to cut. When he got it done, the water bubbled through it like an
oil-well. In fact, Mr. P. was afraid that his vessel would fill up
before he was near enough for the maiden on the rocks to hear his
heart-rending cries for succor. He could see her plainly now. 'Twas
certainly she. He knew her by her photograph--("Twenty-five cents, sir.
The American female GRACE DARLING, sir. Likeness warranted, sir.")

But she turned not towards him. Confound it! Would she finish that
eternal tidy ere she glanced around?

The boat was almost full now. It would sink before she saw it! That hole
must be stopped until he had drifted near enough to give vent to an
agonizing cry for help.

Having nothing else convenient, Mr. P. clapped into the hole a lot of
manuscripts which he had brought with him for consideration.
(Correspondents who may experience apparent neglect will please take
notice. It is presumed, of course, that every one who writes anything
worth reading, will keep a copy of it.)

Now the rocks were comparatively near, and standing up to his knees in
water, Mr. P. gave the appropriate heart-rending cry for succor. But in
spite of the prevailing calm, he perceived that there was a surf upon
the rocks, and a noise of many waters. At the top of his voice Mr. P.
again shouted.

"Hello, IDA!"

But he soon found that he would have to hello longer as well as hello
IDA, and he did it.

At last she heard him.

Dropping her work-basket, she ran to the edge of the rock, and making a
trumpet of her hands, called out:

"Ahoy there! What's up?"

"Me!" answered Mr. P., "but I won't be up very long. Haste to my
assistance, oh maiden! ere I sink!"

Then she shouted again:

"I've got no boat! It's over to MCCURDY's, getting caulked!"

No boat!

Then indeed did Mr. P. turn pale, and his knees did tremble.

But IDA was not to be daunted. Bounding like a chamois o'er the rocks,
to her house, she quickly returned with a long coil of rope, and
instantly hurled it over the curling breakers with such a strong arm and
true aim, that one end of it struck Mr. P. in the face with a crack like
that of a giant's whip.

He grasped the rope, and that instant his boat sank like a rock!

IDA hauled away like a steam-engine, and Mr. P.'s prow (his nose, you
know,) cut through the water like a knife, in a straight line for the
shore. In front of him he saw a great mass of sharp roots. He shuddered,
but over them he went. On, on, he went, nor turned aside for jagged
cleft or sharp-edged stone. A ship, loaded with queensware, had been
wrecked near shore, and through a vast mass of broken plates, and cups,
and saucers, Mr. P. went,--straight and swift as an arrow.

At last, wet, bleeding, ragged, scratched, and feint, he reached the
shore. Said IDA, as she supported him towards her dwelling: "How did you
ever come to be wrecked on such a day as this?"

Mr. P. hesitated. But with such a noble creature, the truth would surely
be the best. He told her all.

"Oh!" said he. "Dear girl, 'twas I, myself, who hewed down my mast and
scuttled my fair bark. And I did it, maiden fair! that thy brave arm
might rescue me from the watery deep, (you know what a good thing it
would be for both of us when it got in the papers,) and that on thy
hardy bosom I might be borne--"

"Born jackass!" interrupted IDA. "I believe that everybody who comes to
Newport make fools of themselves about me; but you are certainly the
Champion Fool of the Lime Rocks."

Mr. P. couldn't deny it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Alphabetical.

From the insult passed upon Count BENDETTI, at Ems, it appears that the
Prussian government does not always mind its P's and Q's.

       *       *       *       *       *

A ROSE BY ANY OTHER NAME.

A Love Tale.

I.

"I won't do it--there!"

Miss ANGELINA VAVASOUR sat her little fat body down in a chair, slapped
her little fat hands upon her little fat knees, swelled her little fat
person until she looked like a big gooseberry just ready to burst, and
then turned her little fat red face up to Mr. JOHN SMITH, who was
standing before her.

"I regret," said Mr. J.S., "that you should refuse to be Mrs. JOHN
SMITH." (ANGELINA shuddered.) "Might I ask you why?"

"No," said she. "Say, my age."

"But I don't object to that," said J.S.

"Well, I won't," said ANGELINA, "that's all!"

J.S. rubbed the fur on his hat the wrong way, pulled up his shirt
collar, looked mournfully at the idol of his heart, and departed.

Why did she refuse him? Listen!

About a thousand or two years ago--well, perhaps we had better not go so
far back--anyhow, Miss VAVASOUR had ancestors, and she was proud of
them; she had a name, and she gloried in it; she had $100,000, and
therefore insisted on keeping her aristocratic name; she had kept it for
forty years, and was willing to take a contract for the rest of the job,
though she did feel that she needed a man to slide down the hill of time
with her, and she was rather fond of SMITH.

Mr. JOHN SMITH wanted to marry her for herself alone, though he had made
inquiries and knew all about that $100,000.

Thus it was.

II.

"That's all!" Miss VAVASOUR had said.

But was it all? She thought it was matrimony; J.S. thought it was matter
o' money, and J.S. had a long head--an awfully long head.

Mr. JOHN SMITH sat before the grate. His auburn locks, his Roman nose,
his little grey eyes, his thin lips, his big ears, and each particular
hair of his red whiskers, expressed intense disgust.

He was day-dreaming, seeing visions in the fire. There he saw Miss
ANGELINA VAVASOUR. Her eyes were ten dollar gold pieces, her nose a
little pile of ducats, each cheek seemed swelled out by large quantities
of dollars, every tooth in her head was a double-eagle, and her hair was
a mass of ingots. He heaved a sigh and took a fresh chew.

The tobacco seemed to refresh him; he walked the floor for a while, and
then sat in his chair. Suddenly his countenance was irradiated, like a
ripening squash at early morn, and he sprang to his feet, crying out,
"Eureka! I'll do it."

III.

Eureka! How? What? Thus.

One month afterwards our hero presented himself at the house of Miss
VAVASOUR, carrying under his arm a large volume, bound in calf.

"Miss VAVASOUR," said he, "I come to repeat my proposition to you. Will
you reconsider?"

"Sir?" said she.

"Things have changed," said our hero.

"Changed!" echoed she. "What do you mean, Mr. JOHN SMITH?"

"Call me not by that vile cognomen," quoth he. "Look!" and he opened the
Session Laws at page 1004.

She read:

"STATE OF NEW YORK, COUNTY OF BLANK.

I, JONATHAN JERUSALEM, Clerk of said County, do hereby certify that the
following change of name has been made by the County Court of this
County, viz.:

JOHN SMITH to AUGUSTUS VAVASOUR.

In testimony whereof, I have set my hand and the seal of the County,
June 3d, 1870. JONATHAN JERUSALEM, _Clerk_." [L.S.]

She fell into his arms, and rested her palpitating head upon his
palpitating bosom. He pulled up his shirt-collar, trod on the cat, and
gently whispered, "$100,000."

MORAL.

A word to the wise. Go and do like-wise. LOT.

       *       *       *       *       *

Gummy.

The following is from a Western paper:

"At Council Buffs, Iowa, a woman who don't chew gum is out of style, and
gets the cold shoulder."

Our comment upon the above is that there must be very little gumshun
among the women of Council Bluffs.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "SUCH IS LIFE."

Here you see Tom, Dick, and Harry, as they looked when starting
in the morning for a day's fishing.

And this is the same party, dejected, bedraggled, and foot-sore
wearily making their way homeward after their day's "sport."]

       *       *       *       *       *

DOWN THE BAY.

Mr. Punchinello: It is just possible that you never went on a fine
fishing excursion down the Bay with a party of nice young men. If you
never did, don't. I confess it sounds well on paper. But it's a Deceit,
a Snare, and a Hollow Mockery. I will narrate.

Some days ago I was induced (the Deuce is in it if I ever am again) to
participate in a supposed festivity of this nature. In the first place,
we (the excursionists,) chartered a yacht, two Hands that knew the
Ropes--they looked as if they might have been acquainted with the Rope's
End--and a small Octoroon of the male persuasion as waiter. As CHOWLES
characteristically observed, (he is a Stock Broker, and was one of the
party,) "there is nothing like a feeling of Security." So we engaged a
Skipper who was perfectly familiar with the BARINGS of the Banks, and
Thoroughly Posted on all Sea 'Changes, at least so CHOWLES expressed it,
but then he is apt to be somewhat technical at times. This accomplished
mariner was reputed to have been "Round the Horn" several times, which I
am led to believe was perfectly true, as he smelt strongly of spirits
when he came on board. I was much discouraged at the appearance of this
Skipper, and had half a mind to give my friends the Slip when I saw him
on the Wharf.

Having manned our craft, we purchased a colossal refrigerator in which
to put our Bass and Weak Fish, laid in a stock of cold provisions--among
other things a Cold Shoulder--plenty of exhilarating beverages, and,
with Buoyant Spirits, (every Man of us,) and plenty of ice on board,
started on the slack of the Morning Tide. I regret to state that by the
time we were ready to start our Skipper was half way "Over the Bay,"
being provided with a pocket pistol charged to the muzzle. He and his
two subordinates were pretty well "Shot in the neck" by the time we
reached Fort Lafoyette. The consequence of this was that we no sooner
came Abreast of the reef in that locality than we got Afoul of it. For
getting Afoul of the Rocks we had to Fork over twenty dollars to the
captain of a tug boat which came and Snaked us off with a Coil of Rope
when the tide rose.

During the time we remained stationary, the Bottle, I am sorry to say,
kept going Round. All the excursionists except myself got half seas
over, and when we resumed our voyage the steersman had fallen asleep, so
the vessel left a Wake behind her which was extremely crooked.

We anchored that night outside Sandy Hook, and next morning cast our
lines overboard, and commenced fishing. Our success in that Line was
astounding, not to say embarrassing. We commenced to take Fish on an
unparalleled Scale. Dog Fish and Stingarees were hauled over the side
without intermission. The former is a kind of small shark. As they will
Swallow anything, we Took them In very fast Although extremely
voracious, they are so simple that if it were not for their size they
would fell an easy prey to the Sea Gull, which, in spite of its name, is
a very Wide Awake bird. Stingarees are fish of much more
Penetration--their sharp tails slashing everything that comes in their
way. These natural weapons, which have been furnished them by Providence
as a means of defence in their Extremity, cut through a fellow's
trousers like paper. The interesting creatures cut up so that we kindly
consigned them, together with the dog fish, to their native element,
having first benevolently knocked them on the head. Changing our
location for a change of luck, we captured a superb mess of sea robins
and toad fish. This satisfied us. So we pulled up anchor, not Hankering
for any more such sport, and left the Hook, very glad to Hook It. We
didn't have any of our toadies or robbins cooked, as those "spoils of
ocean," although interesting as marine curiosities, are not considered
good to eat, but each man had a Broil, as the Sun was very hot, and as
CHOWLES remarked, "brought out the Gravy." That night we turned in,
having been turned inside out all day. Next morning we reached home. The
skipper presented his Bill in the course of the day. Although extremely
exorbitant, we paid it without a murmur, being too much exhausted from
casting up accounts ourselves, to bring him to Book for his misconduct.
Such is the sad experience of

Yours Reverentially,

CHINCAPEN.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Pillar of Salt (Lake.)

Lot's (of) Wife.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Are offering novelties in                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Crepe de Chine Sashes                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     WITH HEAVY FRINGES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                The Latest Paris Style. Also,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                    WIDE BLACK AND COLORED                    |
  |                         SASH RIBBONS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Roman, Ecossais, Broche and                  |
  |                        Chine Ribbons,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        JUST RECEIVED.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Are closing out their stock of                |
  |                                                              |
  |                FRENCH, ENGLISH, AND DOMESTIC                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                           CARPETS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           Oil Cloths, Rugs, Mats, Cocoa and Canton           |
  |                      Mattings, &c., &c.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               At a Great REDUCTION IN PRICES,                |
  |                                                              |
  |         Notwithstanding the unexpected extraordinary         |
  |                        rise in gold.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          _Customers and Strangers are Respectfully_          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     INVITED TO EXAMINE.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    Extraordinay Bargains                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                                                              |
  |            LADIES' PARIS AND DOMESTIC READY-MADE             |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Suits, Robes, Reception                    |
  |                        Dresses, &c.,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |               Some less than half their cost.                |
  |                                                              |
  |             AND WE WILL DAILY OFFER NOVELTIES IN             |
  |                                                              |
  |               Plain and Braided Victoria Lawn,               |
  |                   Linen and Pique Traveling                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SUITS.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                 CHILDREN'S BRAIDED LINEN AND                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Pique Garments,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             SIZES FROM 2 YEARS TO 10 YEARS OLD.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                   PANIER BEDUOIN MANTLES,                    |
  |                      IN CHOICE COLORS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    From $3.50 to $7 each.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |               Richly Embroidered Cashmere and                |
  |                   Cloth Breakfast Jackets,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PARIS MADE,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     $8 each and upward.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Steward & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of its kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)  $4.00      |
  | " " six months, (without premium,)              2.00         |
  | " " three months, "       "                     1.00         |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                      .10      |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 x 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for          $4.00     |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-1/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                $5.00     |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper--for one year and either of the              |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens:                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  |                                                              |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  |                                                              |
  | Pointer and Quail;                                           |
  | Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for                 $6.50     |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble;                                         |
  | The Unconscious Sleeper;                                     |
  | The Two Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-1/4.          |
  |                                                              |
  | Spring; Summer; Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for             $7.00    |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13 x 18.                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9 1/8 x 4 1/2--for  $8.00   |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and                             |
  |                                                              |
  | Six American Landscapes. (A set.)                            |
  | 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                          $9.00   |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  |                                                              |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be _mailed free_ on receipt of     |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.    No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: A CHINAMAN'S FUNERAL]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |                       "Chas. Dickens."                       |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the     |
  |                            world.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          The first number of which was issued under          |
  |                       date of April 2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |      Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless      |
  |                 postage stamps are inclosed.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |One copy, per year, in advance. . . . . . . . . . . . . $4.00 |
  |Single copies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    10 |
  |                                                              |
  |         A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the         |
  |                    receipt of ten cents.                     |
  |     One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other      |
  |magazine or paper, price, $2.50, for. . . . . . . . . .  5.50 |
  |One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for. .  7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                       P.O. Box, 2783,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                Tourists and Pleasure Traveler                |
  |                                                              |
  |   will be glad to learn that the Erie Railway Company has    |
  |                           prepared                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    COMBINATION EXCURSION                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Round Trip Tickets,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Valid during the entire season, and embracing Ithaca--    |
  | headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake Ontario, the  |
  |  River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake Champlain, Lake  |
  |   George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and all principal   |
  | points of interest in Northern New York, the Canada, and New |
  | England. Also similar Tickets at reduced rates, through Lake |
  |  Superior, enabling travelers to visit the celebrated Iron   |
  |  Mountains and Copper Mines of that region. By applying at   |
  |  the Offices of the Erie Railway Co., Nos. 241, 529 and 957  |
  | Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38 Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. |
  |  and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338 Fulton St., Brooklyn; Depots  |
  | foot of Chambers Street, and foot of 23rd St., New York; No. |
  | 3 Exchange Place, and Long Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the  |
  |  Agents at the principal hotels, travelers can obtain just   |
  |     the Ticket they desire, as well as all the necessary     |
  |                         information.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers,             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES. All on the same premises, and under        |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ORPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |   as he appears "Every Saturday, will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from    |
  |                this office, free,) Ten Cents.                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Subscription for One Year, one copy, with $2 Chromo      |
  |                         Premium, $4.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |   We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any   |
  |  one who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the  |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                   83 Nassau St., New York.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P.O. Box 2783.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 19, August 6,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 19 ***

***** This file should be named 10015.txt or 10015.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10015/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello Vol. 1, No. 21, August 20, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello Vol. 1, No. 21, August 20, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10016]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO VOL. 1, NO. 21 ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             for                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        J. M. SPRAGUE                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Is the Authorized Agent of                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           For the                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     New England States,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |           To Procure Subscriptions, and to Employ            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Canvassers.                          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Sole Agents for United States                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol. 1.    No. 21.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, AUGUST 20, 1870.



PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.



THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD, By ORPHEUS C. KERR,
Continued in this Number.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Should be addressed to                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          Room No. 4                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     No. 93 Nassau Street                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                 CHARLES C. CHATFIELD & CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      New Haven, Conn.,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Have Just Published                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  "THE AMERICAN COLLEGES AND                  |
  |                    THE AMERICAN PUBLIC,"                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |          PROF. NOAH PORTER, D.D., OF YALE COLLEGE.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    OPINIONS OF THE BOOK.                     |
  |                                                              |
  | "I have read it with very deep interest."--PRESIDENT McCOSH, |
  |                          PRINCETON.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |    "An excellent and valuable work."--PRESIDENT CUMMINGS,    |
  |                     WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     "Able and just presentations of our colleges to the      |
  |     public."--PRESIDENT ANDERSON, ROCHESTER UNIVERSITY.      |
  |                                                              |
  |  "The discussion is not only very reasonable, but thorough,  |
  | comprehensive and wise."--PRESIDENT BROWN, HAMILTON COLLEGE. |
  |                                                              |
  |  "An able and scholarly review of the system of instruction  |
  |   pursued in our American Colleges."--PROF. FRANCIS BOWEN,   |
  |                           HARVARD.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |  "Unique, profound, discriminating."--PROF. L. H. ATWATER,   |
  |                          PRINCETON.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | "The best book ever published on this subject of collegiate  |
  |             education."--SPRINGFIELD REPUBLICAN.             |
  |                                                              |
  | The book contains 285 pages, is printed on a fine quality of |
  |    tinted paper, is handsomely bound, and is sold by all     |
  | booksellers for $1.50, and sent for the same (postage paid)  |
  |              to any address, by the publishers.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                NEW COLLECTION OF YALE SONGS.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Just Published.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | SONGS OF YALE.--A new Collection of the Songs of Yale, with  |
  |  Music. Edited by CHARLES S. ELLIOT, Class of 1867.--16mo,   |
  |    126 pages. Price in extra cloth, $1.00; in super extra    |
  |    cloth, beveled boards, tinted paper, gilt edges, $1.50    |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                      UNIVERSITY SERIES.                      |
  |                                                              |
  | _Educational and Scientific Lectures, Addresses and Essays,  |
  |   brought out in neat pamphlet form, of uniform style and    |
  |                           price._                            |
  |                                                              |
  | I.--"ON THE PHYSICAL BASIS OF LIFE." By Prof. T. H. HUXLEY,  |
  | LL. D., F. R. S. With an Introduction by a Professor in Yale |
  |            College. 12mo, pp. 36. Price 25 cents.            |
  |                                                              |
  |    The interest of Americans in this lecture by Professor    |
  | HUXLEY can be judged from the great demand for it; the fifth |
  |                 thousand is now being sold.                  |
  |                                                              |
  | II.--THE CORRELATION OF VITAL AND PHYSICAL FORCES. By Prof.  |
  | GEORGE F. BARKER, M.D., of Yale College. A Lecture delivered |
  |        before Am. Inst., N. Y. Pp. 36. Price 25 cts.         |
  |                                                              |
  |    "Though this is a question of cold science, the author    |
  |   handles it with ability, and invests it with interest. A   |
  | series of notes appended is valuable as a reference to works |
  |                 quoted."-PROV. (R.I.) PRESS.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |  III.--AS REGARDS PROTOPLASM, in Relation to Prof. HUXLEY'S  |
  | Physical Basis of Life. By J. HUTCHINSON STIRLING, F. R. C.  |
  |                  S. Pp. 72. Price 25 cents.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |    By far the ablest reply to Prof. HUXLEY which has been    |
  |                           written.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Other valuable Lectures and Essays will soon be published in |
  |                    this series. Address:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 CHARLES C. CHATFIELD & CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |           No. 460 Chapel Street, New Haven, Conn.,           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses, |
  |     can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps.     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       83 Nassau Street                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       P. O. Box 2783.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for July,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Wood Engravers                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         208 Broadway                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |             Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents              |
  |          to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent Interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and       |
  |                        Saleable Work.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       83 Nassau Street                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |        EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL MANUFACTURERS.        |
  |                                                              |
  |      sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P. O. Box 2845                        |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         GOLD   PENS.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    The Best and Cheapest.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,      |
  |  commencing May 31, will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8:45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  |    Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill,     |
  |  Hudson, and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge   |
  | cars in connection with the day boats will leave on arrival  |
  |   at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare    |
  |   $4.25 from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat   |
  |     Seneca will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       ESTABLISHED 1866                       |
  |                                                              |
  |      JAS. R. Nichols, M.D., WM. J. Rolfe, A.M., Editors      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Boston Journal of Chemistry.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Devoted to the Science of                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          HOME LIFE,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |             The Arts, Agriculture, and Medicine.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.00 Per Year.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      _Journal and Punchinello (without Premium)_ $4.00.      |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Send for Specimen-Copy                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address--JOURNAL OF CHEMISTRY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 150 CONGRESS STREET, BOSTON.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


The

MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XIV.

CLOVES FOR THREE.

Christmas Eve in Bumsteadville. Christmas Eve all over the world, but
especially where the English language is spoken. No sooner does the
first facetious star wink upon this Eve, than all the English-speaking
millions of this Boston-crowned earth begin casting off their hatreds,
meannesses, uncharities, and Carlyleisms, as a garment, and, in a
beautiful spirit of no objections to anybody, proceed to think what can
be done for the poor in the way of sincerely wishing them well. The
princely merchant, in his counting-room, involuntarily experiences the
softening, humanizing influence of the hour, and, in tones tremulous
with unwonted emotion, privately directs his Chief-Clerk to tell all the
other clerks, that, on this night of all the round year, they may,
before leaving the store at 10 o'clock, take almost any article from
that slightly damaged auction-stock down in the front cellar, at actual
cost-price. This, they are to understand, implies their Employer's
hearty wish of a Merry Christmas to them; and is a sign that, in the
grand spirit of the festal season, he can even forget and forgive those
unnatural leaner entry-clerks who are always whining for more than their
allotted $7 a week. The President of the great railroad corporation, in
the very middle of a growling fit over the extra cost involved in
purchasing his last Legislature, (owing to the fact that some of its
Members had been elected upon a fusion of Radical-Reform and
Honest-Workingman's Tickets,) is suddenly and mysteriously impressed
with the recollection that this is Christmas Eve. "Why, bless my soul,
so it is!" he cries, springing up from his littered rosewood desk like a
boy. "Here, you General Superintendent out there in the office!" sings
he, cheerily, "send some one down to Washington Market this instant, to
find out whether or not any of those luscious anatomical western turkies
that I saw in the barrels this morning are left yet. If the commercial
hotels down-town haven't taken them all, buy every remaining barrel at
once! Not a man nor boy in this Company's service shall go home to-night
without his Christmas dinner in his hand! Lively, now, Mr. JONES! and
just oblige me by picking out one of the birds for yourself, if you can
find one at all less blue than the rest. It's Christmas Eve, sir; and
upon my word I'm really sorry our boys have to work to-morrow as usual.
Ah! it's hard to be poor, JONES! A merry Christmas to us all. Here's my
carriage come for me." And even in returning to their homes from their
daily avocations, on Christmas Eve, how the most grasping, penurious
souls of men will soften to the world's unfortunate! Who is this poor
old lady, looking as though she might be somebody's grandmother, sitting
here by the wayside, shivering, on such an Eve as this? No home to
go?--Relations all dead?--Eaten nothing in two days?--Walked all the way
from the Woman's Rights Bureau in Boston?--Dear me! _can_ there be so
much suffering on Christmas Eve? I must do something for her, or my own
good dinner to-morrow will be a reproach to me. "Here! Policeman! just
take this poor old lady to the Station-House, and give her a good warm
home there until morning. There! cheer-up, Aunty; you're all right
_now._ This gentleman in the uniform has promised to take care of you.
Merry Christmas!"--Or, when at home, and that extremely bony lad, in the
thin summer coat, chatters to you, from the snow on the front-stoop,
about the courage he has taken from Christmas Eve to ask you for enough
to get a meal and a night's-lodging--how differently from your ordinary
style does a something soft in your breast impel you to treat him. "No
work to be obtained?" you say, in a light tone, to cheer him up. "Of
course there's none _here,_ my young friend. All the work here at the
East is for foreigners, in order that they may be used at election-time.
As for you, an American boy, why don't you go to h-- I mean to the West.
_Go West_, young man! Buy a good, stout farming outfit, two or three
serviceable horses, or mules, a portable house made in sections, a few
cattle, a case of fever medicine--and then go out to the far West upon
Government-land. You'd better go to one of the hotels for to-night, and
then purchase Mr. GREELEY'S 'What I Know About Farming,' and start as
soon as the snow permits in the morning. Here are ten cents for you.
Merry Christmas!"--Thus to honor the natal Festival of Him--the
Unselfish incarnate, the Divinely insighted--Who said unto the
lip-server: Sell all that thou hast, and give it to the Poor, and follow
Me; and from Whom the lip-server, having great possessions, went away
exceeding sorrowful!

Three men are to meet at dinner in the Bumsteadian apartments on this
Christmas Eve. How has each one passed the day?

MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON, in his room in Gospeler's Gulch, reads Southern
tragedies in an old copy of the _New Orleans Picayune,_ until two
o'clock, when he hastily tears up all his soiled paper collars, packs a
few things into a travelling satchel, and, with the latter slung over
his shoulder, and a Kehoe's Indian club in his right hand, is met in the
hall by his tutor, the Gospeler.

"What are you doing with that club, Mr. MONTGOMERY?" asks the Reverend
OCTAVIUS, hastily stepping back into a corner.

"I've bought it to exercise with in the open air," answers the young
Southerner, playfully denting the wall just over his tutor's head with
it "After this dinner with Mr. DROOD, at BUMSTEAD'S, I reckon I shall
start on a walking match, and I've procured the club for exercise as I
go. Thus:" He twirls it high in the air, grazes Mr. SIMPSON'S nearer
ear, hits his own head accidentally, and breaks the glass in the
hat-stand.

"I see! I see!" says the Gospeler, rather hurriedly. "Perhaps you _had_
better be entirely alone, and in the open country, when you take that
exercise."

Rubbing his skull quite dismally, the prospective pedestrian goes
straightway to the porch of the Alms-House, and there waits until his
sister comes down in her bonnet and joins him.

"MAGNOLIA," he remarks, hastening to be the first to speak, in order to
have any conversational chance at all with her, "it is not the least
mysterious part of this Mystery of ours, that keeps us all out of doors
so much in the unseasonable winter month of December,[1] and now I am
peculiarly a meteorological martyr in feeling obliged to go walking for
two whole freezing weeks, or until the Holidays and this--this
marriage-business, are over. I didn't tell Mr. SIMPSON, but my real
purpose, I reckon, in having this club, is to save myself, by violent
exercise with it, from perishing of cold."

"Must you do this, MONTGOMERY?" asks his colloquial sister,
thoughtfully. "Perhaps if I were to talk long enough with you--"

"--You'd literally exhaust me into not going? Certainly you would," he
returns, confidently. "First, my head would ache from the constant
noise; then it would spin; then I should grow faint and hear you less
distinctly; then your voice, although you were talking-on the same as
ever, would sound like a mere steady hum to me; then I should become
unconscious, and be carried home, with you still whispering in my ear.
But do _not_ talk, MAGNOLIA; for I must do the walking-match. The
prejudice here against my Southern birth makes me a damper upon the
festivities of others at this general season of forgiveness to all
mankind, and I can't stand the sight of that DROOD and Miss POTTS
together. I'd better stay away until they have gone."

He pauses a moment, and adds: "I wish I were not going to this dinner,
or that I were not carrying this club there."

He shakes her hand and his own head, glances up at the storm-clouds now
gathering in the sky, goes onward to Mr. BUMSTEAD'S boarding-house,
halts at the door a moment to moisten his right hand and balance the
Indian club in it, and then enters.

EDWIN DROOD'S day before merry Christmas is equally hilarious. Now that
the Flowerpot is no longer on his mind, the proneness of the masculine
nature to court misfortune causes him to think seriously of Miss
PENDRAGON, and wonder whether _she_ would make a wife to ruin a man? It
will be rather awkward, he thinks, to be in Bumsteadville for a week or
two after the Macassar young ladies shall have heard of his matrimonial
disengagement, as they will all be sure to sit symmetrically at every
front window in the Alms-House whenever he tries to go by; and he
resolves to escape the danger by starting for Egypt, Illinois,
immediately after he has seen Mr. DIBBLE and explained the situation to
him. Finding that his watch has run down, he steps into a jeweler's to
have it wound, and is at once subjected to insinuating overtures by the
man of genius. What does he think of this ring, which is exactly the
thing for some particular Occasions in Life? It is made of the metal for
which nearly all young couples marry now-a-days, is as endless as their
disagreements, and, by the new process, can be stretched to fit the
Second wife's hand, also. Or look at this pearl set. Very chaste, really
soothing; intended as a present from a Husband after First Quarrel.
These cameo ear-rings were never known to fail. Judiciously presented,
in a velvet case, they may be depended upon to at once divert a young
Wife from Returning to her Mother, as she has threatened. Ah! Mr. DROOD
cares for no more jewelry than his watch, chain and seal-ring? To be
sure! when Mr. BUMSTEAD was in yesterday for the regular daily new
crystal in his own watch--how _does_ he break so many!--_he_ said that
his beloved nephews wore only watches and rings, or he would buy paste
breastpins for them. Your oroide is now wound up, Mr. DROOD, and set at
twenty minutes past Two.

"Dear old JACK!" thinks EDWIN to himself, pocketing his watch as he
walks away; "he thinks just twice as much of me as any one else in the
world, and I should feel doubly grateful."

As dusk draws on, the young fellow, returning from a long walk, espies
an aged Irish lady leaning against a tree on the edge of the turnpike,
with a pipe upside-down in her mouth, and her bonnet on
wrong-side-afore.

"Are you sick?" he asks kindly.

"Divil a sick, gintlemen," is the answer, with a slight catch of the
voice,--"bless the two of yez!"

EDWIN DROOD can scarcely avoid a start, as he thinks to himself, "Good
Heaven! how much like JACK!"

"Do you eat cloves, madame?" he asks, respectfully.

"Cloves is it, honey? ah, thin, I do that, whin I'm expectin' company.
Odether-nodether, but I've come here the day from New York for nothing.
Sure phat's the names of you two darlints?"

"EDWIN," he answers, in some wonder, as he hands her a currency stamp,
which, on account of the large hole worn in it, he has been repeatedly
unable to pass himself.

"EDDY is it? Och hone, och hone, machree!" exclaims the venerable woman,
hanging desolately around the tree by her arms while her bonnet falls
over her left ear: "I've heard that name threatened. Och, acushla
wirasthu!"

Believing that the matron will be less agitated if left alone, and,
probably, able to get a little roadside sleep, EDWIN DROOD passes onward
in deep thought. The boarding-house is reached, and _he_ enters.

J. BUMSTEAD'S day of the dinner is also marked by exhilarating
experiences. With one coat-tail unwittingly tucked far up his back, so
that it seems to be amputated, and his alpaca umbrella under his arm, he
enters a grocery-store of the village, and abstractedly asks how
strawberries are selling to-day? Upon being reminded that fresh fruit is
very scarce in late December, he changes his purpose, and orders two
bottles of Bourbon flavoring-extract sent to his address. And now he
wishes to know what they are charging for sponges? They tell him that he
must seek those articles at the druggist's, and he compromises by
requesting that four lemons be forwarded to his residence. Have they any
good Canton-flannel, suitable for a person of medium complexion?--
No?--Very well, then: send half a pound of cloves to his house before
night.

There are Ritualistic services at Saint Cow's, and he renders the
organ-accompaniments with such unusual freedom from reminiscences of the
bacchanalian repertory, that the Gospeler is impelled to compliment him
as they leave the cathedral.

"You're in fine tone to-day, BUMSTEAD. Not quite so much volume to your
playing as sometimes, but still the tune could be recognized."

"That, sir," answers the organist, explainingly, "was because I held my
right wrist firmly with my left hand, and played mostly with only one
finger. The method, I find, secures steadiness of touch and precision in
hitting the right key."

"I should think it would, Mr. BUMSTEAD. You seem to be more free than
ordinarily from your occasional indisposition."

"I am less nervous, Mr. SIMPSON," is the reply. "I've made up my mind to
swear off, sir.--I'll tell you what I'll do, SIMPSON," continues the
Ritualistic organist, with sudden confidential affability. "I'll make an
agreement with you, that whichever of us catches the other slipping-up
first in the New Year, shall be entitled to call for whatever he wants."

"Bless me! I don't understand," ejaculates the Gospeler.

"No matter, sir. No matter!" retorts the mystic of the organ-loft,
abruptly returning to his original gloom. "My company awaits me, and I
must go."

"Excuse me," cries the Gospeler, turning back a moment; "but what's the
matter with your coat?"

The other discovers the condition of his tucked-up coat-tail with some
fierceness of aspect, but immediately explains that it must have been
caused by his sitting upon a folding-chair just before leaving home.

So, humming a savage tune in make-belief of no embarrassment at all in
regard to his recently disordered garment, Mr. BUMSTEAD reaches his
boarding-house. At the door he waits long enough to examine his
umbrella, with scowling scrutiny, in every rib; and then _he_ enters.

Behind the red window-curtain of the room of the dinner-party shines the
light all night, while before it a wailing December gale rises higher
and higher. Through leafless branches, under eaves and against chimneys,
the savage wings of the storm are beaten, its long fingers caught, and
its giant shoulder heaved. Still, while nothing else seems steady, that
light behind the red curtain burns unextinguished; the reason being that
the window is closed and the wind cannot get at it.

At morning comes a hush on nature; the sun arises with that innocent
expression of countenance which causes some persons to fancy that it
resembles Mr. GREELEY after shaving; and there is an evident desire on
the part of the wind to pretend that it has not been up all night.
Fallen chimnies, however, expose the airy fraud, and the clock blown
completely out of Saint Cow's steeple reveals what a high time there has
been.

Christmas morning though it is, Mr. MCLAUGHLIN is summoned from his
family-circle of pigs, to mount the Ritualistic church and see what can
be done; and while a small throng of early idlers are staring up at him
from Gospeler's Gulch, Mr. BUMSTEAD, with his coat on in the wrong way,
and a wet towel on his head, comes tearing in amongst them like a
congreve rocket.

"Where's them nephews?--where's MONTGOMERIES?--where's that umbrella?"
howls Mr. BUMSTEAD, catching the first man he sees by the throat, and
driving his hat over his eyes.

"What's the matter, for goodness sake?" calls the Gospeler from the
window of his house. "Mr. PENDRAGON has gone away on a walking-match. Is
not Mr. DROOD at home with you?"

"Norrabit'v it," pants the organist, releasing his man's throat, but
still leaning with heavy affection upon him: "m'nephews wen 'out with 'm
--f'r li'lle walk--er mir'night; an' 've norseen'm--since."

There is no more looking up at Saint Cow's steeple with a MCLAUGHLIN on
it now. All eyes fix upon the agitated Mr. BUMSTEAD, as he wildly
attempts to step over the tall paling of the Gospeler's fence at a
stride, and goes crashing headlong through it instead.

(_To be Continued_.)

[Footnote 1: In the original English story there is, considering the
bitter time of year given, a truly extraordinary amount of solitary
sauntering, social strolling, confidential confabulating,
evening-rambling, and general lingering, in the open air. To "adapt"
this novel peculiarity to American practice, without some little
violation of probability, is what the present conscientious Adapter
finds almost the artistic requirement of his task.]

       *       *       *       *       *

ALL HAIL!

The most fearful weapon yet brought into the field of war--if we are to
believe newspaper correspondents--is the revolving grape-shot gun known
as the "hail-thrower," a piece of ordnance said to be in use by the
French and Prussian armies, alike. If half we hear about the
"hail-thrower" be true, 'twere better for all concerned to keep out of
hail of it. Many a hale fellow well met by that fearful hail storm must
go to grass ere the red glare of the war has passed away. "Where do you
hail from?" would be a bootless question to put when the "hail-thrower"
begins to administer throes to the breaking ranks. Worse than that; it
would probably be a headless question.

       *       *       *       *       *

"THE PERFECT CURE."

A newspaper paragraph states that, in Minnesota, they have a very
summary way of restoring the consciousness of pigs that have been
smitten by the summery rays of the sun. They simply open piggy's head
with a pick-axe or other handy instrument, introduce a handful or two of
salt, close up the head again, and piggy is all right. But this, after
all, is simply a new application of the old practice of Curing pork with
salt.

       *       *       *       *       *

Con by a Son of a Gun.

Why are the new breech-loaders supplied with needles?
To keep their breeches in repair, of course.

       *       *       *       *       *

Con by a Carpet-Shaker.

Why is a large carpet like the late rebellion?
Because it took such a lot of tax to put it down.

       *       *       *       *       *

ADVICE TO PICNIC PARTIES.

At this culminating period of the summer season, it is natural that the
civic mind should turn itself to the contemplation of sweet rural
things, including shady groves, lunch-baskets, wild flowers, sandwiches,
bird songs, and bottled lager-bier.

The skies are at their bluest, now; the woods and fields are at their
greenest; flowers are blooming their yellowest, and purplest, and
scarletest. All Nature is smiling, in fact, with one large,
comprehensive smile, exactly like a first-class PRANG chromo with a
fresh coat of varnish upon it.

Things being thus, what can be more charming than a rural excursion to
some tangled thicket, the very brambles, and poison-ivy, and possible
copperhead snakes of which are points of unspeakable value to a picnic
party, because they are sensational, and one cannot have them in the
city without rushing into fabulous extra expense. It is good, then, that
neighbors should club together for the festive purposes of the picnic,
and a few words of advice regarding the arrangement of such parties may
be seasonable.

If your excursion includes a steamboat trip, always select a boat that
is likely to be crowded to its utmost capacity, more especially one of
which a majority of the passengers are babies in arms. There will
probably be some roughs on board, who will be certain to get up a row,
in which case you can make the babies in arms very effective as
"buffers" for warding off blows, while the crowd will save you from
being knocked down.

Should there be a bar on board the steamer, it will be the duty of the
gentlemen of the party to keep serving the ladies with cool beverages
from it at brief intervals during the trip. This will promote
cheerfulness, and, at the same time, save for picnic duty proper the
contents of the stone jars that are slumbering sweetly among the
pork-pies and apple-dumplings by which the lunch-baskets are occupied.

Never take more than one knife and fork with you to a picnic, no matter
how large the party may be. The probability is that you may be attacked
by a gang of rowdies and it is no part of your business to furnish them
with weapons.

Avoid taking up your ground near a swamp or stagnant water of any kind.
This is not so much on account of mosquitoes as because of the small
saurian reptiles that abound in such places. If your party is a large
one, there will certainly be one lady in it, at least, who has had a
lizard in her stomach for several years, and the struggles of the
confined reptile to join its congeners in the swamp might induce
convulsions, and so mar the hilarity of the party.

To provide against an attack by the city brigands who are always
prowling in the vicinity of picnic parties, it will be judicious to
attend to the following rules:

Select all the fat women of the party, and seat them in a ring outside
the rest of the picnickers, and with their faces toward the centre of
the circle. In the event of a discharge of missiles this will be found a
very effective _cordon_--quite as effective, in fact, as the feather
beds used in the making up of barricades.

Let the babies of the party be so distributed that each, or as many as
possible of the gentlemen present, can have one at hand to snatch up and
use for a fender should an attack at close quarters be made.

If any dark, designful strangers should intrude themselves upon the
party, unbidden, the gentlemen present should by no means exhibit the
slightest disposition to resent the intrusion, or to show fight, as the
strangers are sure to be professional thieves, and, as such, ready to
commit murder, if necessary. Treat the strangers with every
consideration possible under the circumstances. Should there be no
champagne, apologize for the absence of it, and offer the next best
vintage you happen to have. Of course, having lunched, the strangers
will be eager to acquire possession of all valuables belonging to the
party. The gentlemen, therefore, will make a point of promptly handing
over to them their own watches and jewelry, as well as those of their
lady friends.

Having arrived home, (we assume the possibility of this,) refrain,
carefully, from communicating with the police on the subject of the
events of the day. The publicity that would follow would render you an
object of derision, and no possible good could result to you from
disclosure of the facts. But you should at once make up your mind never
to participate in another picnic.

       *       *       *       *       *

A CHANCE FOR OUR ORGAN GRINDERS.

The famous _mitrailleur_, or grape-thrower, with which LOUIS NAPOLEON
has already commenced to astonish the Prussians, suggests congenial work
for the numerous performers on the barrel-organ with which our large
cities are at all times infested. It is worked with a crank, exactly
after the manner of the too-familiar street instrument; and might easily
be fitted with a musical cylinder arranged for the performance of the
most inspiriting and patriotic French airs. Should Italy, at present
neutral, take side with France hereafter, she should at once withdraw
her wandering minstrels from all parts of the world, and set them to
work on the "double attachment" engine of L.N. Nothing could be more
appropriate for working the _mitrailleur_ than a corps of barrel-organ
grinders from the land of the Grape.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE ORIGIN OF PUNCHINELLO.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: Though aware that you "belong to Company G," and must
not be bothered, I wish to ask whether you are descended from the famous
chicken-dealer of Sorrento, who sold fowls in Naples, and was well-known
in that fun-loving city for the humor of his speech and the oddity of
his form. He was called "PULCINELLA," I believe, the name being the same
as that of his wares.

If not to this celebrated wag, perhaps you trace your origin to Mr.
PUCCIO D'ANELLO, who so delighted a company of actors at Aceria, with
his jokes and gibes, that they invited him to join them, and soon
discovered that they had found a Star.

If neither of these classical wags was your ancestor, may I ask, who the
deuce _did_ you come from? Yours, truly,

CURIOSO.

       *       *       *       *       *

RECIPE TO BE TESTED.

We see that they have been "firing cannon in the fields near Paris, to
bring on a rain." If there is any virtue in this recipe, they are likely
to get some moist weather to the north-eastward of Paris, to say the
least. The firing in that quarter may even lead to a Reign in Paris such
as France has not lately seen. We would not go so far as to _predict_
anything of this sort. Oh, no; for we are aware that the moment we
should do so, NAPOLEON would lick the Prussians on purpose to show the
world that we didn't hit it that time.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

When one wants to see the great people who are to be seen nowhere else,
one goes to the celebrated White Sulphur Springs of Virginia; and, very
correctly supposing that there might be persons there who would like to
see him, Mr. PUNCHINELLO took a trip to the aforesaid springs. He found
it charming there. There was such a chance to study character. From the
parlors where Chief-Justice CHASE and General LEE were hob-nobbing over
apple-toddies and "peach-and-honey," to the cabins where the wards of
the nation were luxuriating in picturesque ease beneath the shade of
their newly-fledged angel of liberty, everything was instructive to the
well-balanced mind.

Here, too, in these fertile regions, were to be seen those exquisite
floral creations known as mint-juleps, the absence of which in our
Northern agricultural exhibitions can never be sufficiently deplored.

Witness the beauty of the design and the ingenious delicacy of the
execution of one of the humblest of the species.

From experience in the matter, Mr. P. is prepared to say, that not only
as an exponent of the beauties of nature, but as a drink, a mint-julep
is far superior to the water which gives thin resort its celebrity. Why
people persist in drinking that vilest of all water which is found at
the fashionable springs, Mr. P. cannot divine. If it is medicine you
want, you can get your drugs at any apothecary's, and he will mix them
in water for you for a very small sum extra. And the saving in expense
of travel, board and extras, will be enormous.

But in spite of this fact, there were plenty of distinguished-looking
people at the White Sulphur. Mr. P. didn't know them all, but he had no
doubt that one of them was General LEE; one PHIL. SHERIDAN; another
Prof. MAURY; another GOLDWIN SMITH; and others Governor WISE; HENRY WARD
BEECHER, WADE HAMPTON, WENDELL PHILLIPS, RAPHAEL SEMMES, and LUCRETIA
MOTT. One man, an incognito, excited Mr. P.'s curiosity. This personage
was generally found in the society of LEE, JOHNSTON, POPE, HAMPTON,
GREELEY, and those other fellows who did so much to injure the Union
cause during the war. One day Mr. P. accosted him. He was an oddity, and
perhaps it would be a good idea to put his picture in the paper.

"Sir!" said Mr. P., with that delicate consideration for which he is so
noted, "why do you pull your hat down over your eyes, and what is your
object in thus concealing your identity? Come sir! let us know what it
all means."

The _incognito_ glanced at Mr. P. with the corner of his eye, and
perceiving that he was in citizen's dress, pulled his hat still further
over his face.

"My business," said he, "is my own, but since the subject has been
broached, I may as well let _you_ know what it is."

"You know me, then?" said Mr. P.

"I do," replied the other, and proceeding with his recital, he said,
"You may have heard that a number of negro squatters were lately ejected
from a private estate in this State, after they had made the grounds to
blossom like the rose, and to bring forth like the herring."

"Yes, I heard that," said Mr. P.

"Well," said the other, "I happened to have some land near by, and I
invited those negroes to come and squat on my premises--"

"Intending to turn them off about blossoming time?" said Mr. P.

"Certainly, certainly," said the other, "and I am just waiting about
here until they put in a wheat crop on part of the land. I can then sell
that portion, right away."

"Well, Mr. BEN BUTLER," said Mr. P., "all that is easily understood, now
that I know who you are; but tell me this, why are you so careful to
cover your face when in the company of civilians or ladies, and yet go
about so freely among these ex-Confederate officers?"

"Oh," said the other, "you see I don't want to be known down here, and
some of the women or old men might remember my face. There's no danger
of any of the soldiers recognizing me, you know."

"Oh, no," cried Mr. P. "None in the world, sir."

"And besides," said the modest BUTLER, "it's too late now for me to be
spooning around among the women."

"That's so," said Mr. P. "Good-bye, BENJAMIN. Any news from Dominica?"

"None at all," said the other, "and I don't care if there never is. I am
opposed to that annexation scheme now."

"Sold your claims?" said Mr. P. The incognito winked and departed.

That evening at supper Mr. P. remarked that his biscuits were rather
hard, and he blandly requested a waiter to take one of them outside and
crack it. The elder PEYTON, who runs the hotel, overheard Mr. P.'s
remark, and stepping up to him, said:

"Sir, you should not be so particular about your food. What you pay me,
while you stay at my place, is my charge for the water you drink. The
food and lodging I throw in, gratis."

Mr. P. arose.

"Mr. PEYTON," said he, "when I was quite a little boy, my father, making
the tour of America, brought me here, and I distinctly remember your
making that remark to him. Since then many of my friends have visited
the White Sulphur, and you invariably made the same remark to them. Is
there no way to escape the venerable joke?"

The gentle PEYTON made no answer, but walked away, and after supper, one
of the boarders took Mr. P. aside and urged him to excuse their host, as
he was obliged to make the joke in question to every guest. The
obligation was in his lease.

So the matter blew over.

Reflecting, however, that if he had to pay so much for the water, that
he had better drink a little, Mr. P. went down to the spring to see what
could be done. On the way, he met Uncle AARON, formerly one of
WASHINGTON'S body-servants. The venerable patriarch touched his hat, and
Mr. P., hoping from such great age to gain a little wisdom, propounded
the following questions:

"Uncle, is this water good for the bile?"

"Oh, lor! no, mah'sr! Dat dar water 'ud jis spile anything you biled in
it. Make it taste of rotten eggs, for all the world, sir! 'Deed it
would.'

"But what I want to know," said Mr. P., "is why the people drink it."

"Lor' bless you, mah'sr! Dis here chile kin tell you dat. Ye see de
gem'men from de Norf dey drinks it bekase they eat so much cold wheat
bread. Allers makes 'em sick, sir."

"And why do the Southerners drink it?"

"Wal, mah'sr, you see dey eats so much hot wheat bread, and it don't
agree wid 'em, no how."

"But how about the colored people? I have seen them drinking it,
frequently," said Mr. P.

"Oh, lor, mah'sr, how you is a askin' questions! Don't you know dat de
colored folks hab to drink it bekase dey don't get no wheat bread at
all?"

Mr. P. heard no better philosophy than this on the subject while he
remained at the White Sulphur. When he left, he brought a couple of
gallons of the water with him, and intends keeping it in the
water-cooler in his office, for loungers.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.


CANTO III.

      "JACK and GILL went up the bill
      To fetch a pail of water;
      JACK fell down and broke his crown,
      And GILL came tumbling after."

How many persons there are who read those lines without giving one
moment's thought to their hidden beauty. Love, obedience, and devotion
unto death, are here portrayed; and yet people will repeat the lines of
the melancholy muse with a smile on their faces, and even teach it to
their young children as a sort of joyful lyric.

My own infant-mind was tampered with in the same manner; and after I had
committed the poem to memory I was proudly called up by my fond and
doting parents to display my infantile acquirements before admiring
visitors. The result might have been foreknown. All my infancy and youth
passed away, and I never once perceived the hidden worth of these lines
till I had tumbled down a hill myself, cracked my crown, and was laid up
with it a week or more. During that time I had leisure to muse on the
fate of poor JACK. When my mind expanded so as to take in all the
sublimity of his devotion and death, my heart was filled with admiration
and astonishment, and I resolved I would make one effort to rescue the
memory of poor JACK and loving GILL from the oblivion it seemed to be
falling into, in the greater admiration people gave to the musical style
of the writer.

      "JACK and GILL went up the hill."

Here you see the obedient, loving, long-suffering, put-upon drudge of
his brothers and sisters-we will take the liberty of giving him a few of
each as we are a little more generous than the author--who was compelled
(not the author, but JACK,) to do all the chores, fetch and carry, 'tend
and wait, bear the heat and burden of the day, and be the JACK for all
of them. He was not dignified by the respectable title of JOHN, or
JONATHAN, but was poor simple JACK.

Virtue will always be rewarded, however, and even freckle-faced,
red-headed JACK had one friend, blue-eyed, tender-hearted GILL, who,
seeing the unhesitating obedience he rendered to all, forthwith
concluded that one so lone and sad could appreciate true friendship and
understand the motives that prompted her to give, unsolicited, her
gushing love. So, when the good JACK started up the hill, loving GILL
generously offered to accompany him. Probably the other children looked
out of the windows after them, and laughed, and jeered, and wondered
whither they were going; but, observing the pail, concluded they were
going

      "To fetch a pail of water,"

which they were willing JACK should do, as it would save them the
possibility of being ordered to do it; not that there was a probability
of such a command being given, but there was a slight danger that the
thing might happen in case JACK was occupied otherwise when the water
was needed. But now that he had gone for it, they were all right, and
rejoiced exceedingly thereat.

Meanwhile the two little sympathizing companions toiled up the steep
hill, drinking in with every inhalation of the balmy air copious
draughts of the new-found elixir of life. "Soft eyes looked love to eyes
that spake again,"[2] and their hearts melted beneath each tender glance.
The little chubby hands that grasped the handle of the pail timidly
crept closer together, and by the time they had reached the rugged top,
it needed but one warm embrace to mingle the two souls into one,
henceforth forever.

This was done.

Tremblingly they drew back, blushing, casting modest glances at each
other; and then, to aid them in recovering from their confusion, turned
their attention to the water, which reflected back two happy, smiling
faces. Filling the pail with the dimpled liquid mirror, they turned
their steps homeward.

Light at heart and intoxicated with bliss, poor JACK, ever unfortunate,
dashed his foot against a stone, and thus it was that

      "JACK fell down and broke his crown."

[Oh! what a fall was there, my countrywomen!] Fearful were the shrieks
that rent the mountain air as he rolled down the hillside. The pail they
had carried so carefully was overturned and rent asunder, and the
trembling water spilled upon the smiling hill-side--fit emblem of their
vanishing hopes.

Down went the roley-poley boy, like a dumpling down a cellar-door;
crashing his head against the cruel rocks that stood in stony
heartedness in his way, and dashing his brains out against their hard
sides. His loving companion, eyes and month dilated with horror, stood
still and rigid, gazing upon the fearful descent, and its tragic ending,
then throwing her arms aloft, and giving a fearful shriek of agony that
thrilled with horror the hearts of the hearers--if there were any--cast
herself down in exact imitation of the fall of her hero, rolled over and
over as he did, and ended by mingling her blood with his upon the same
stones.

_His_ crown was broken diagonally; _hers_ slantindicularly; that was the
only difference. Her suicidal act is commemorated in the line,

      "And GILL came tumbling after."

The catastrophe was witnessed by the assembled family, who hastened to
the bleeding victims of parental injustice, and endeavored to do all
that was possible to restore life to the mangled forms of the two who
loved when living, and in death were not divided.

But all in vain. They were dead, and not till then did the family
appreciate the beautiful, self-denying, heroic disposition of the little
martyr, JACK.

The two innocent forms were buried side by side, and the whole country
round mourned the fate of the infant lovers.

Painters preserved their pictures on canvas, and poets sung them at
eventide. The beauties of their life, and their tragic death, were given
by the poet-laureate of the day in the words I have just transcribed;
and such an impression did these make on the minds of the inhabitants,
that the whole population took them to heart, and, with tears in their
eyes, taught them to their children, even unto the third and fourth
generations.

Alas! it was reserved for our day and generation to gabble them over
unthinking, carelessly unmindful of the fearful fate the words describe.

Repentant ones, drop to their memory a tear, even now! It is not too
late!

[Footnote 2: Original, by some other fellow.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration:
WHAT WE MAY EXPECT IN OUR ARMY OF THE FUTURE.
"NONE BUT THE BRAVE," ETC.]

       *       *       *       *       *

LETTER FROM A CROAKER.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: You have not, I believe, informed your readers, one of
whom I have the honor to be, as to whether you have yet united yourself
to any Designing Female. As this is a matter peculiarly interesting to
many of your readers, all of whom, I have not the least doubt, are
interested in your welfare, I would advise some statement on your part,
respecting it.

I trust, my dear sir, that, if you are as yet free, you will take the
well-intended advice of a sufferer, and steer entirely clear of the
shoals and quicksands peculiar to the life of a married man, by never
embarking in the matrimonial ship.

Do not misunderstand me. I lived happily, very happily, with my sainted
BELINDA--it must be confessed that she had a striking partiality for
sardines, which caused considerable of a decrease in the profits of my
wholesale and retail grocery establishment. I cherish no resentment on
that account, but, as you probably well know, one of the discomforts of
matrimonial existence is children.

Sir, I have a daughter, who is considered passably good-looking by
certain appreciative individuals. Since the unfortunate demise of my
lamented wife, the profits of the mercantile establishment of which I am
proprietor have largely increased, and as REBECCA is my only child,
there is a considerable prospect of her bringing to the man who espouses
her, a comfortable dowry, and probably a share in my business.

I keep no man-servant, and after my daughter retires--generally at the
witching hour of two in the morning,--I am obliged to hobble down
stairs, extinguish the lights, cover the fire, lock up the house, and
ascertain whether it is perfectly fire and burglar-proof for the time
being.

Were this, sir, the only annoyance to which I am subjected, my wrath
would probably expend itself in a little growling, but hardly have I
reposed myself upon my couch, ere my ear catches an infernal tooting and
twanging and whispering, and a broken-winded German band, engaged by an
admirer of my REBECCA, strikes up some outrageous _pot pourri_, or
something of that sort, and sleep, disgusted, flees my pillow.

Last night--or rather this morning--they came again. Their discordant
symphonies roused me to desperation. I seized a bucket of slops, and;
opening the window, dashed the contents in the direction of the music;
the full force of the deluge striking a fat, froggy-looking little
Dutchman, who was puffing and blowing at a bassoon infinitely larger
than himself. He was just launching out into a prodigious strain, but it
expired while yet in the bloom of youth. He remained for a short time in
the famous posture of the Colossus of Rhodes, vainly endeavoring to
shake off the cigar-stumps and other little _et ceteras_ which were
clinging to him like cerements, uttering the while unintelligible oaths.
Then he struck for his _domus et placens uxor_ at as rapid a rate as his
little dumpy legs could carry him.

If they come to-night--if they dare to come--I will give them a dose
which they will remember.

My dear sir, what can I do to rid myself of these annoyances? The girl
has been to boarding-school, and so can't be sent there again. She has
no friends or relations whom it would be advisable to put her off upon.
Assist me then, in this, the hour of my tribulation, and you, my dear
Mr. PUNCHINELLO, will merit the lasting gratitude of an

UNHAPPY FATHER.

[The best thing an "Unhappy Father" can do, under the circumstances, is
to learn to play upon the bass horn, and then, should the brazen
serenaders again make their appearance, he can give them blow for
blow.--ED. PUNCHINELLO.]

       *       *       *       *       *

That Iron "Dog."

The latest bit of intelligence given by the police regarding the "dog"
so much spoken of in connection with the Twenty-third street murder, is
that it is not, as at first stated, the kind of instrument used by
shipwrights. In other words, the police have discovered that it is not a
Water-dog, though, up to the present date, they have not been able to
prove it a Bloodhound.

       *       *       *       *       *

Severe Penalty.

A newspaper gravely informs us that "the Supreme Court of Pennsylvania
has refused the Writ of Error in the case of Dr. SHOEPPE, convicted of
the murder of Mr. STEINNEKE, _and will be hanged_."

Can nothing be done to save this Court? One may say they had no business
to refuse the Writ. But, at any rate, we are of opinion that the
punishment is excessive.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: WONDERFUL TOUR DE FORCE,

PERFORMED "ON THE BEACH AT LONG BEACH," BY PROFESSOR JAMES FISK, JR.,
THE GREAT AMERICAN ATHLETE.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN ON JERSEY MUSQUITOES.

A Hard-fought Battle--Musquitoes have no Sting that Jersey Lightning
cannot Cure.

New Jarsey is noted among her sister countries, as bein' responsible for
2 of the most destructive things ever got up.

The first is of the animal kingdom, and varyin in size from a 3 yeer old
snappin' turtle, to a lode of hay.

It has a bayonet its nose, in which is a skwirt gun charged with
pizen.

It has no hesitation, whatsoever, of shovin' it's pitch-fork into a
human bein', and when a feller feels it, it makes him think old
SOLFERINO has come for him, and no mistake.

The sirname of this sleep-distroyin' animile, is Muskeeter. And they
like their meet raw.

Misery Number 2 is a beverige manufactured from the compound extract of
chain litenin on the wing, and ile of vitril. It is then flavored with
earysipelas and 7 yeer itch, when it is ready to lay out it's man.

I was on a visit to Jarsey, a short time ago, and if ever a man was
justified in cussin' the day he ever sot foot onto the classick red
shores of New Jarsey, (which soil, by the way, is so greasy that all the
red-headed New Jarsey gals use it for hair ile, while for greasin' a
pancake griddle it can't be beat,) it was the undersined.

The first nite I was in that furrin climb, after hangin' my close over a
chair, and droppin' my false teeth in a tumbler of water, I retired in a
sober and morril condition.

"Balmy sleep, sweet nater's hair restorer," which sentiment I cote from
Mr. DICKENS, who, I understand from the Bosting clergy, is now sizzlin',
haden't yet folded me in her embrace.

Strains of melody, surpassin' by severil lengths the melifflous
discordant notes of the one-armed hand organist's most sublimerest
seemfunny, sircharged the atmosfear. Ever and anon the red-hot breezes
kissed the honest old man's innocent cheek, and slobbered grate capsules
of odoriferous moisture, which ran in little silvery streams from his
reclinin' form. Yes! verily, great pearls hung pendant from his nasal
protuberants.

In other words, I hadent gone to sleep, but lay their sweatin' like an
ice waggon, while the well-known battle song of famished Muskeeters fell
onto my ear. The music seized; and a regiment of Jarsey Muskeeters, all
armed to the teeth and wearin' cowhide butes, marched single-file into
my open window.

The Kernal, a gray-headed old war-worn vetenary, alited from his hoss,
and tide the animal to the bed-post.

The Commander then mounted ontop of the wash-stand, and helpin' hisself
to a chaw of tobacker out of my box, which lay aside him, the old
scoundrel commenced firin' his tobacker juice in my new white hat. "See
here, Kernal," said I, somewhat riled at seein' him make a spittoon of
my best 'stove-pipe,' "if it's all the same to you, spose'n you eject
your vile secretion out of the winder."

"Cork up, old man," said the impudent raskle, "or ile spit on ye and
drown you."

All about the room the privates were sacreligously misusing my property.

One red-headed old Muskeeter, who was so full of somebody's blood he
couldn't hardly waddle, was seated in the rockin'-chair, and with my
specturcols on his nose, was readin' a copy of PUNCHINELLO, and laffin'
as if heed bust.

Another chap had got my jack-nife, and was amusin' hisself by slashin'
holes in my bloo cotton umbreller, which two other Muskeeters had shoved
up, and was a settin' under, engaged in tyin' my panterloon legs into
hard nots.

Another scallawag had jammed my coat part way into my butes, and was
pourin' water into 'em out from the wash-pitcher, and I am sorry to say
it, evry darned Muskeeter was up to some mean trick, which would put to
blush, even a member of the New Jarsey legislater.

Suddenly the Kernal hollered:

"To arms!"

And every Muskeeter fell into line about my bedside.

"Charge bagonets!" said the Kernal. At which the hul lot went for me.
Their pizened wepins entered my flesh.

They charged onto my bald head. Rammed their bayonets into my arms--my
back--my side--and there wasen't a place bigger'n a cent, which they
diden't fill with pizen.

There I lay, groanin' for mercy.

But Jersey Muskeeters, not dealin' in that article, don't know what it
is.

Like the new collecter MURFY, when choppin' off the heads of FENTON
offis holders, mercy hain't their lay, about these times.

At this juncture a company of draggoons clinchin' their pesky bills into
me, dragged me off onto the floor.

And then such a horrible laff they would give, when I would strike for
them and miss hittin'.

There I lay on the floor, puffin' and blowin' like a steem ingine, while
the hull army was dancin' a war dance around my prostrate figger, and
the old Kernal was cuttin' down a double shuffle on the wash-stand,
which made the crockery rattle.

I kicked at 'em as they would charge on my feet and l--limbs. I grabbed
at 'em, as they charged on my face--arms--and shoulders.

Slap! bang! kick! sware!

I couldn't stand it much longer.

As a big corpulent feller, who, I should judge, was gittin' readdy to
jine a Fat mans club, went over me, I catched him by the heel.

I hung on to him with my best holt

He dragged me all over the floor.

My head struck the bedposts, and other furniture.

3 other Muskeeters got straddle of me, and as if I was a hoss, spurred
me up purty lively.

All of a sudden the Muskeeter I was hangin' to give a yank, and drew out
his foot, left his bute in my hand.

Brandishin' the bute about my head, I cleared at lot of Muskeeters.

Jumpin' to my feet I made things fly for a minuit, pilin' up the killed
and wounded in a promiscous heap.

Seein' the Kernal settin' up there enjoyin' the fun, I let fly the bute
at him.

Smash! went the lookin-glass.

The venerable commanding Muskeeter had dodged, and was settin' on the
burow, with his thumb on his nose, wrigglin' his fingers at me in a very
ongentlemanly manner.

There I was again unarmed, dancin' about, swelled up like a base ball
player on match day.

"Blood IARGO!" was the cry.

I tride to make a masked battery with a piller. It was no protection
again Jarsey Muskeeters.

As RACHEL mourned for her step-mother, I sighed for me home.

"Why, oh why," I cride, "did I leave old Skeensboro?"

A widder wearin' a borrowed suit of mornin'--eleven children cryin'
because the governor had been chawed up by Muskeeters crowded into my
thoughts.

The army was gettin' reddy to charge onto me agin, and avenge their
fallen comrags.

Suddenly a brite thought struck me.

I ceased a sheet and waved it for a flag of truce.

The order wasen't given.

"Kernal," said I, "before we continue this fite, let's take a drink all
around, and I'll stand treat."

"Done," said he, "trot out your benzine."

I opened the burow drawer, and took out a black bottle.

I pulled the cork and filled all the glasses, then poured a lot into the
wash-bowl, when I handed the bottle to the Kernal.

"Make ready! Take aim! Drink!" Down went the licker.

I laffed a revengeful laff, as every condemned Muskeeter turned up their
heels and cride:

"Water--send my bones back to Chiny--mother dear, I'm comein', 300,000
strong--we die--by the hand--of Jarsey--lite--"

And Jarsey litenin', more powerful than the chassepo gun of France or
the needle-gun of Prushy, had done its work, and the old man was saved
to the world!

It was 3 days before any close would again fit me.

I looked more like a big balloon than a human bein', I was swelled up so
with the pizen.

My blessin's on the head of the individual who invented Jarsey litenin'.
Nothin else would have saved the Lait Gustise's valuable life.

Ever of thow,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

From our own Correspondent.

Rumors of war from Europe must always be expected, for how can we get
Pacific news by Atlantic Telegraph?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "WHERE IGNORANCE IS BLISS," ETC,

_First Small Bather_. "WOULDN'T OUR MAMS GIVE US FITS IF THEY CAUGHT US
SWIMMIN'?"

_Second Ditto_. "I'LL BET YER!"

(_But neither of the happy little truants knows that a thief is running
off with their clothes_.)]

       *       *       *       *       *

REFORM IN JUVENILE LITERATURE.

Since the thrilling moment when GUTTENBURG made his celebrated
discovery, numbers of persons have tried their hands--and undoubtedly
their heads also--at Books for the Young. Hitherto, many of them have
evinced a sad lack of judgment in respect of matter.

Would you believe it, in this highly moral and virtuous age? they have
actually written stories!--stories that were not true! They haven't
seemed to care a button whether they told the truth or not! Where can
they have contracted the deadly heresy that imagination, feeling, and
affection, are good things, deserving encouragement? Mark the effect of
these pernicious teachings! Hundreds and thousands--nay, fellow mortal,
_millions_ of children,--now walk the earth, believing in fairies,
giants, ogres, and such-like unreal personages, and yet unable (we blush
to say it!) to tell why the globe we live on is flattened at the poles!
Is it not a serious question whether children who persistently ignore
what is true and important, but cherish fondly these abominable fables,
may not ultimately be lost?

But, thanks to the recent growth of practical sense--or the decline of
the inventive faculty--in writers for the young, a better day is
dawning, and there is still some hope for the world. Men of sense and
morality are coming forward: they dedicate their minds to this
service--those practical minds whence will be extracted the only true
pabulum for the growing intellect. It is to minds of this stamp--so
truly the antipodes of all that is youthful, spontaneous, and
child-like, (in a word: frivolous,) that we must look for those solid
works which, in the Millennium that is coming, will perfectly supplant
what may be termed, without levity, the "Cock and Bull" system of
juvenile entertainment. Worldly people may consider this stuff graceful
and touching, sweet and loveable; but it is nevertheless clearly
mischievous, else pious and proper persons wouldn't have said so, time
and again.

For our part, we may as well confess that our sympathies go out
undividedly toward that important class who are averse to
Nonsense,--more particularly _book_-nonsense,--which they can't stand,
and won't stand, and there's an end of it. There is something
exceedingly winning, to us, in that sturdy sense, that thirst for
mathematical precision, that impatience of theory, that positive and
self-reliant--we don't mind saying, somewhat dogmatical--air, that
sternness of feature, thinness of lip, and coldness of eye, which belong
to the best examples. We respect even the humbler ones; for they at
least hate sentiment, they do not comprehend or approve of humor, and
they never relish wit. What does a taste for these qualities indicate,
but an idle and frivolous mind, devoted to trifles: and how fatal is
such a taste, in the pursuit of wealth and respectability!

Fantastic people have much to say of the "affections," the "graces and
amenities of life," "soul-culture," and the like. We cannot too deeply
deplore their fatuity, in giving prominence to such abstractions. As for
children, the most we can concede is, that they have a natural--though,
of course, depraved--taste for stories: yes, we will say that this
fondness is irrepressible. But, what we really must insist on, is, that
in gratifying that fondness, you give them _true_ stories. Where is the
carefully trained and upright soul that would not reject "JACK, the
Giant-killer," or "Goody Two-shoes," if it could substitute (say, from
"New and True Stories for Children,") a tale as thrilling as this:

    "When I was a boy, I said to my uncle one day, 'How did you
    get your finger cut off?' and he said, 'I was chopping a
    stick one evening, and the hatchet cut off my finger.'"

Blessings, blessings on the man who thus embalmed this touching
incident! Who does not see that the reign of fiction is over!

That the parental portion of the public may judge what the future has in
store for their little ones (who, we hope, will be men and women far
sooner than their ancestors were,) we present them with a fragrant
nosegay (pshaw! we mean, a shovel-full) of samples, commending them,
should they wish for more, to the nearest Sabbath-school library.

Ah, it is a touching thing, to see some great philanthropist come
forward, at the call of Duty and his Publisher (perhaps also quickened
by the hollow sound emitted by his treasure-box), and compress himself
into the absurdly small compass of a few pages 18mo., in order to afford
himself the exalted pleasure of holding simple and godly converse with
children at large!

"All truth--no fiction." What further guarantee would you have? How
replete with useful matter must not a book with _that_ assurance be! Let
us read:

    "The Indians cannot build a ship. They do not Know how to get
    iron from the mines, _and they do not know enough._

    "Besides, they do not like to work, and like to fight
    _better_ than to work.

    "When they want to sail, they burn off a log of wood, and
    make it hollow by burning and scraping it with sharp stones."

Now we ask, does not this satisfy your ideal of food for the youthful
mind? Observe that it is simple, direct, graphic, satisfying. It cannot
enfeeble the intellect. It will be useful. There is something tangible
about it. The child at once perceives that if the Indians knew how to
"get iron from the mines," and "knew enough" in general, they would
build ships, in spite of their distaste for work. There can be no doubt
that this is "all truth--no fiction," for Indians are sadly in want of
ships. They like to sail; for we learn that "when they want to sail"
they are so wild for it, that they even go to the length of "burning off
a log of wood, and making it hollow by burning and scraping it with
sharp stones." We thus perceive the significance of the apothegm, "Truth
is stranger than fiction." The day is not far distant when children will
think as much of the new literature as they formerly did of certain
worm-lozenges, for which they were said to "cry."

And where everything has been inspired by the love of Truth, even the
cuts may teach something. If "a canoe," contrary to the general
impression, is at least as long as "a ship," it is very important that
children should so understand it; and if "a pin-fish" is really as big
as "a shark," no mistaken deference to the feelings of the latter should
make us hesitate to say so.

No child, we are convinced, is too young to get ideas of science. In one
of the model books we are pleased to find this great truth distinctly
recognized:

    "'Is there anything like a lever about a wheelbarrow?' said
    his father. 'O yes, sir,' said JAMES. 'The axle; and the
    wheel is the prop, the load is the weight, and the power is
    your hand.'"

This, we should say, speaks for itself.

Nor is a child ever too young to get ideas of thrift. One of our writers
for infants observes, after explaining that the Dutch reclaimed the
whole of Holland from the sea by means of dykes, "they worked hard,
saved their money, and so grew rich." Any child can take such hints.

Neither is it wholly amiss to demonstrate that a child can't put a clock
in his pocket. For it is plain that he would else be trying to do so
sometime.

Now, where in the "Arabian Nights" do you find anything like this?--We
answer, triumphantly, Nowhere!

    "'JAMES,' said his father, 'do not shut up hot water too
    tight, and take care when it is over the fire.'

    "'A lady was boiling coffee one day, and kept the cover on
    the coffee-pot too long. When she took it off, the water
    turned to steam, and flew up in her face, and took the skin
    off.

    "'Do you know how they make the wheels of a steamboat move?
    They shut up water tight in a great kettle and heat it. Then
    they open a hole which has a heavy iron bar in it, the steam
    lifts it, in trying to get out. That bar moves a lever, and
    the lever moves the wheels.

    "'Machines are wonderful things.'"

This fact the reader must distinctly realize. And doesn't he realize
that the days of JACK, the Giant-killer, and Little Red Riding Hood, are
about over? We want truth. The only question is, (as FESTUS observed),
What is Truth?

       *       *       *       *       *

PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_Derrick_.--There is a superstition afloat that, if you see a ladder
hoisted against a house, and, instead of passing outside the ladder you
pass under it, some accident or affliction will befall you. What about
this?

_Answer._.--It all depends upon circumstances. If, while passing under
the ladder, a hod of bricks should fall through it and strike you on the
head, then an "accident or affliction" shall have befallen you:
otherwise not.

_Nincompoop_.--I hear a great deal about the "log" of the _Cambria._ Can
you tell me how it is likely to be disposed of?

_Answer_.--It is to be manufactured into snuff-boxes for the officers
and crew of the _Dauntless_, as a delicate admission that they are up to
snuff and not to be sneezed at.

_Nick of the Pick_.--What is the best way of securing one's self from
the bodily damages to which all persons who attend pic-nic parties now
seem to be liable?

_Answer_.--Don't go to pic-nic parties. Rough it at home.

_John Brown_.--We cannot insert jokes on the number of SMITHS in the
world--except as advertisements. For lowest rates see terms on the
cover.

_Hircus_.--We are sorry to say that your remarks on Baby Farming are not
based upon facts. In nine cases out of ten it has nothing whatever to do
with Husbandry.

_Acorn_.--As this is the seventh time you have written to us, asking
whether corns can be cured by cutting, so it must be the last. The thing
palls, and we must now try whether ACORN cannot be got rid of by
cutting.

_Horseman_.--No; we never remember to have met a man who did not "know
all about a horse." If such a man can be found, his fortune and that of
the finder are assured.

_Seeker_.--It may be true that man changes once in every seven years but
that will hardly excuse you from paying your tailor's bill contracted in
1862, on the ground that you are not the same man.

_Fond Mother_.--None but a brutal bachelor would object to a "sweet
little baby," merely because it was bald-headed.

_Sempronius_.--Would you advise me to commit suicide by hanging?

_Answer_.--No. If you are really bound to hang, we would advise you to
hang about some nice young female person's neck instead of by your own:
it's pleasanter.

_Wacks_.--Yes, the Alaska seal contracts will undoubtedly include the
great Seal of the United States.

_"Talented" Author_.--We do not pay for rejected communications.

_Many Inquiriers_.--We can furnish back numbers to a limited extent;
future ones by the cargo, or steamboat.

       *       *       *       *       *

FINANCIAL.

WALL STREET, AUGUST 2ND.

Respected Sir: Acting upon your suggestion that, despite the repugnance
with which the truly artistic mind must ever view it, Commerce was a
rising institution, and that amongst the thousands of the refined and
haughty who read PUNCHINELLO with feelings of astonishment and awe,
there were some misguided men whose energies had been perverted to the
pursuit of filthy lucre, your contributor yesterday descended into the
purlieus of the city in quest of information wherewith to pander to the
tastes of the debased few.

It would be useless to point out to you that 10 A.M. is not the hour at
which it is the custom of Y.C. to tear himself from his luxurious conch.
His conception of the exalted has always been associated with late
breakfasts. On this memorable occasion, however, duty and a bell-boy
called him; and at the extraordinary hour to which he has referred he
arose and set about his investigations.

A party of distinguished and sorrowing friends accompanied him as far as
BANG'S. The regard which he cherishes for poetry and art had hitherto
marked out this pleasant hostelrie as the utmost limit of his down-town
perambulations. The conversation of his distinguished friends was
elevating: the potations in which they drank their good wishes were
equally, if not more so. Having deposited $2.35 for safe-keeping with a
trusted friend, your contributor hailed a Wall Street stage and sped
fearlessly to his destination. He has gone through the ordeal safely.
Annexed are the result of his labors, in the shape of bulletins which
were forwarded to but never acknowledged by a frivolous and unfeeling
editor.

WALL STREET, 10-1/2 A.M.--The market opened briskly with a tendency
towards DELMONICO'S for early refreshments. Eye-openers in active
demand. Brokers have undergone an improvement.

11 A.M.--On the strength of a rumor that a gold dollar had been seen in
an up-town jewelry store, gold declined 1.105.

11.15 A.M.--In consequence of a report that Col. JAS. FISK, JR., has
secured a lease of Plymouth Church, and is already engaged in
negotiations with several popular preachers, Eries advanced one-half per
cent.

HALF-PAST ELEVEN A.M.--A reaction has commenced in Eries, it being given
out that Madame KATHI LANNER had sustained an injury which would
necessitate her withdrawal from the Grand Opera House.

TWELVE O'CLOCK.--Just heard some fellow saying, "St. Paul preferred."
Couldn't catch the rest. It seems important. What did St. Paul prefer.
Look it up, and send me word.

HALF-PAST TWELVE.--Market excited over a dog-fight. How about St. Paul?

ONE.--Police on the scene. Market relapsed. Anything of St. Paul yet?
Send me what's-his-name's Commentaries on the Scriptures.

HALF-PAST ONE.--News has been received here that Commodore VANDERBILT
was recently seen in the neighborhood of the Croton reservoir. In view
of the anticipated watering process, N.Y.C. securities are buoyant.
Many, however, would prefer their stock straight. But what was it St.
Paul preferred? Do tell.

TWO O'CLOCK.--Immense excitement has been created on 'Change by a report
that JAY GOULD had been observed discussing Corn with a prominent
Government official. A second panic is predicted.

QUARTER PAST TWO.--Later advices confirm the above report. The place of
their meeting is said to have been the Erie Restaurant. Great anxiety is
felt among heavy speculators.

HALT-PAST TWO.--It is now ascertained that the Corn they were discussing
was Hot Corn at lunch. A feeling of greater security prevails.

THREE O'CLOCK.--Intelligence has just reached here that a dime-piece was
received in change this morning at a Broadway drinking saloon. Gold has
receded one per cent, in consequence. Eries quiet, Judge BARNARD being
out of town.

P.S. I haven't found out what St. Paul preferred. What's-his-name don't
mention it in his Commentaries.

HALF-PAST THREE.--Sudden demand for New York Amusement Co.'s Stock.
HARRY PALMER to reopen Tammany with a grand scalping scene in which the
TWEED tribe of Indians will appear in aboriginal costume. NORTON, GENET,
and _confreres_ have kindly consented to perform their original _roles_
of _The Victims_.

P.S. Unless I receive some definite information concerning that
preference of St. Paul's, I shall feel it incumbent on me to vacate my
post of Financial Editor.

FOUR O'CLOCK.--On receipt of reassuring news from Europe, the market has
advanced to DELMONICO'S, where wet goods are quoted from 10 cents
upwards. Champagne brisk, with large sales. Counter-sales (sandwiches,
etc.,) extensive. Change in greenbacks greasy.

P.S. Asked a fellow what St. Paul preferred. He said, "St. Paul
Preferred Dividends, you Know." Perhaps St. Paul did. A great many
stockholders do. But what stock did St. Paul hold? Was it Mariposa
or--"Only just taken one, but, as you observe, the weather _is_
confounded hot--so I don't mind if I--"

GREENBAYS.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE DOG IN THE MANGER.
Crispin won't do the work himself, and won't let John Chinaman do it. ]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

We have just received from "DICK TINTO," our special correspondent at
the seat of war, the following metrical production said to have been
written by HENRI ROCHEFORT in prison, but suppressed in obedience to
orders from the Emperor. PUNCHINELLO felicitates his readers upon the
enterprise which enables him to lay it before them, and flatters himself
that the enormous trouble and expense involved in hauling it to this
side of the Atlantic, will not prevent him from doing it again--if
necessary.

AU PRINCE IMPERIAL.

SCENE.--_A square fronting the Bureau of the chemin de fer for Chalons
and Metz. Time, Midi._

The Prince Imperial, en route for the seat of war, is seated upon a
milk-white steed. Beneath his left arm he convulsively carries a
struggling game-cock, with gigantic gaffs, while his right hand feebly
clutches a lance, the napping of whose pennant in his face appears to
give him great annoyance and suggests the services of a "Shoo-fly."
Around him throng the ladies of the Imperial bed-chamber and a cohort of
nurses, who cover his legs with kisses, and then dart furtively between
his horse's _jambes_ as if to escape the pressure of the crowd. Just
beyond these a throng of hucksters, market-women, butchers, bakers,
etc., vociferously urge him to accept their votive offerings of garden
truck, carrots, cabbages, parsnips, haunches of beef, baskets of French
rolls and the like, all of which the Prince proudly declines, whereupon
the vast concourse breaks forth into this wild chant to the air of

BINGEN ON THE RHINE.

      From fountains bright at fair Versailles,
        And gardens of St. Cloud--
      With a rooster of the Gallic breed
        To cock-a-doodle-do--

      Behold! our Prince Imperial comes,
        And in his hands a lance,
      That erst he'll cross with German spears
        For glory and for France.

      They've ta'en his bib and tucker off,
        And set him on a steed;
      That he may ride where soldiers ride,
        And bleed where soldiers bleed.

      They've cut his curls of jetty hair,
        And armed him _cap a pie_,
      Until he looks as fair a knight
        As France could wish to see.

      Ho! ladies of the chamber,
        Ho! nurses, gather near;
      Your _charge_ upon a _charger_ waits
        To shed the parting tear.

      Come! kiss him for his mother,
        _Et pour sa Majeste,_
      And twine his brow with garlands of
        The fadeless _fleurs de lis._

      _Voila!_ who but a few moons gone
        Of babies held the van,
      Now wears his spurs and draws his blade
        Like any other man!

      Then come, ye courtly dames of France,
        Oh! take him to your heart,
      And cheer as only woman can
        Our beardless BONAPARTE;

      For ere another sun shall set,
        Those lips cannot be kissed;
      And through the grove and in the court
        Their prattling will be missed.

      The light that from those soft blue eyes
        Now kindly answers thine,
      Will flash where mighty armies tread,
        Upon the banks of Rhine.

      Yea, hide from him, as best you can,
        All womanly alarms,
      Nor smile with those who mocking cry,
        "Behold! A _babe-in-arms!_"

      A babe indeed! Oh! sland'rous tongues,
        A Prince fresh from his smock,
      Shows _manly_ proof if he can stand
        The battle shout and shock.

      And this is one on whom the gods
        Have put their stamp divine:
      The latest, and perchance the last
        Of Corsica's dread line.

      Then for the Prince Imperial
        _Citoyens_ loudly cheer:
      That his right arm may often bring
        Some German to his _bier_;

      That distant Rhineland, trembling,
        May hear his battle-cry,
      And neutral nations wondering ask,
        "_Oh! how is this far high?_"

Our private dispatches from the seat of war in Europe are very
confusing. The "Seat" appears to be considerably excited, but the "War"
takes things easily, and seems to have "switched off" for an indefinite
time. It is observed by many that there never was a war precisely like
this war, and if it hadn't been for a Dutch female, the Duchess of
Flanders, it is fair to suppose that PUNCHINELLO wouldn't have been out
of pocket so much for cablegrams. The Duchess took it into her head (and
her head appears to have had room for it,) that her blood relative,
LEOPOLD, couldn't get his blood up to accept the Spanish Crown. Well, as
it turned out, the Duchess was right. Anyhow, she went for L., (a letter
by the way, which few Englishman can pronounce in polite society,) and
told him that there was

      "* * * a tide in the affairs of men,
      Which, taken at the flood, leads on to fortune."

LEOPOLD said he had heard of that tide; but he didn't believe in always
"follerin' on it," no matter what betided. Then the Duchess got up her
Dutch spunk, and spoke out pretty freely, saying as much as if LEOPOLD
were a tame sort of poodle, and that _she_ ought to have been born to
wear breeches, just to show him how a man should act in a great crisis
like the present.

"Just so," says LEOPOLD, "but you see the 'crisis' is what's the matter.
If it wasn't for the 'crisis,' I'd go in for ISABELLA'S old armchair
faster than a hungry pig could root up potatoes." FLANDERS saw at a
glance how the goose hung, and that her bread would all be dough if
something wasn't done, and that quickly. She knew LEOPOLD'S weakness for
Schnapps, when he was a boy at Schiedam, and, producing a bottle of the
Aromatic elixir, with which she had previously armed herself in
expectation of his obstinacy, poured out a glassful and requested him to
clear his voice with it. Fifteen minutes after his vocal organs had been
thus renewed, LEOPOLD was in a condition to see things in an entirely
new light, and hesitated no longer to write the following note to
General PRIM:

Dear PRIM: The thing has been satisfactorily explained to me, and I
accept. Enclosed find a bottle of Schnapps. You never tasted Schnapps
like this. The Duchess says she don't care a cuss for NAP, and that I
mustn't neither.

--LEOPOLD, SIGMARINGEN-HOHENZOLLERN.

This is a veritable account of the origin of the European
"unpleasantness," and can be certified to any one who will call upon us
and examine the original dispatches.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Are offering at the following                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTREMELY LOW PRICES,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          Notwithstanding the large advance in gold,          |
  |                                                              |
  |                   TWO CASES EXTRA QUALITY                    |
  |                                                              |
  |               JAPANESE POPLINS In Silver-Grey                |
  |                     and Ashes of Roses,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |          75 cts. per yard, formerly $1.25 per yard.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    REAL GAZE DE CHAMBRAY,                    |
  |   Best quality, 75 cts. per yard, formerly $1.80 per yard.   |
  |                                                              |
  |                    A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF                     |
  |                         SUMMER SILKS                         |
  |       For Young Ladies, in Stripes and Checks, $1 per        |
  |       yard, recently sold at $1.50 and $1.75 per yard.       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       HEAVY GROS GRAIN                       |
  |                    Black and White Silks,                    |
  |                         $1 per yard.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   STRIPED MONGOLIAN SILKS,                   |
  |                  FOR COSTUMES, $1 per yard.                  |
  |            100 Pieces in "American" Black Silks.             |
  |                 (Guaranteed for Durability,)                 |
  |                         $2 per yard.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   A COMPLETE ASSORTMENT OF                   |
  |                  Trimming Silks and Satins.                  |
  |               Cut Either Straight or Bias, for               |
  |                       $1.25 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                A CHOICE AND SELECTED STOCK OF                |
  |                  Colored Gros Grain Silks,                   |
  |                 At $2.60 and $2.75 per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |               CREPE DE CHINES, 56 Inchs wide,                |
  |                  IN EVERY REQUISITE COLOR.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Are closing out their stock of                |
  |                FRENCH, ENGLISH, AND DOMESTIC                 |
  |                           CARPETS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            (The greatest portion just received),             |
  |                                                              |
  |           Oil Cloths, Rugs, Mats, Cocoa and Canton           |
  |                        Mattings, &c.,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               At a Great REDUCTION IN PRICES,                |
  |                                                              |
  |         Notwithstanding the unexpected extraordinary         |
  |                        rise in gold.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          _Customers and Strangers are Respectfully_          |
  |                     INVITED TO EXAMINE.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. STEWART & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Are Closing out all their Popular Stocks of          |
  |                     Summer Dress Goods,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  AT PRICES LOWER THAN EVER.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    Extraordinary Bargains                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                              in                              |
  |                                                              |
  |            LADIES' PARIS ADD DOMESTIC READY-MADE             |
  |             Suits, Robes, Reception Dresses, &c.             |
  |               Some less than half their cost.                |
  |                                                              |
  |             AND WE WILL DAILY OFFER NOVELTIES IN             |
  |            Plain and Braided Victoria Lawn, Linen            |
  |                 and Pique Travelling Suits.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                 CHILDREN'S BRAIDED LINEN AND                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Pique Garments,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |            SIZES FROM 2 YEARS TO 10 YEARS OF AGE,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   PANIER BEDOUIN MANTLES,                    |
  |           IN CHOICE COLORS, From $3.50 to $7 each            |
  |                                                              |
  |               Richly Embroidered Cashmere and                |
  |                   Cloth Breakfast Jackets,                   |
  |                         PARIS MADE,                          |
  |                     $8 each and upward.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. STEWART & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13x18.                                        |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: A PASSAGE FROM CENTRAL PARK.

_Whittier's Barefoot Boy_. "O GOLLY! WHAT A SHAME FOR THAT OLD CUSS TO
CHUCK THE STUMP OF HIS CIGAR INTO THE LAKE, 'STEAD OF DROPPING IT WHERE
A FELLOW COULD PICK IT UP!"]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES. All on the same premises, and under        |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                          prepared.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    COMBINATION EXCURSION                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Round Trip Tickets,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Valid during the entire season, and embracing        |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |     Nos. 241, 529 and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38     |
  |  Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue Harlem; 338  |
  |   Fulton St. Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St, New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long   |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |         PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers,"         |
  |               "Water-Lilies," "Chas. Dickens."               |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the     |
  |                            world.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of     |
  |                            stamp.                            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |     With a large and varied experience in the management     |
  | and publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted,  |
  |    and with the still more positive advantage of an Ample    |
  |           Capital to justify the undertaking, the            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          The first number of which was issued under          |
  |                       date of April 2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |      Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless      |
  |                 postage stamps are inclosed.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, per year, in advance                       $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies                                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  |         A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the         |
  |                    receipt of ten cents.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other      |
  |  magazine or paper, price, $2.50, for                 $5.50  |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for $7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                   P.O. Box 2783, NEW YORK.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  | The New Burlesque Serial, Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO  |
  |                     BY ORPHEUS C. KERR,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author written by his bosom friend,  |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found at the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from    |
  |                this office, free,) Ten Cents.                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Subscription for One Year, one copy, with $2 Chromo      |
  |                         Premium, $4.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |   We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any   |
  |  one who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the  |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |   PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, P.O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau   |
  |                        St., New York                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Geo. W. Wheat & Co. Printers, No. 8 Spruce Street.









End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello Vol. 1, No. 21, August 20,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO VOL. 1, NO. 21 ***

***** This file should be named 10016.txt or 10016.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10016/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 23,  September 3,
1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 23,  September 3, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 7, 2003 [EBook #10017]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 23 ***




Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  |  to preserve the paper for binding will be sent postpaid on  |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                        Carbolic Salve                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Recommended by Physicians.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The best Salve in use for all disorders of the Skin,     |
  |                 for Cuts, Burns, Wounds, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      USED IN HOSPITALS                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       PRICE 25 CENTS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               JOHN F. HENRY, Sole Proprietor,                |
  |                No. 8 College Place, New York.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Sole Agent for United States.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol. I. No. 23.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD, By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.

       *       *       *       *       *

See 15th page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       $47,000 REWARD.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PROCLAMATION.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The Murder of Mr. Benjamin Nathan.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | The widow having determined to increase the rewards          |
  | heretofore offered by me (in my proclamation of July 29),    |
  | and no result having yet been obtained, and suggestions      |
  | having been made that the rewards were not sufficiently      |
  | distributive or specific, the offers in the previous         |
  | proclamation are hereby superseded by the following:         |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $30,000 will be paid for the arrest and          |
  | conviction of the murderer of BENJAMIN NATHAN, who was       |
  | killed in hie house, No. 12 West Twenty-third Street, New    |
  | York, on the morning of Friday, July 29.                     |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for the identification and   |
  | recovery of each and every one of the three Diamond Shirt    |
  | Studs which were taken from the clothing of the deceased on  |
  | the night of the murder. Two of the diamonds weighed,        |
  | together, 1, 1/2, and 1/3, and 1-16 carats, and the other, a |
  | flat stone, showing nearly a surface of one carat, weighed   |
  | 3/4 and 1-32. All three were mounted in skeleton settings,   |
  | with spiral screws, but the color of the gold setting of the |
  | flat diamond was not so dark as the other two.               |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,500 will be paid for the identification and   |
  | recovery of one of the watches, being the Gold anchor        |
  | Hunting-case Stem-winding Watch, No. 5657, 19 lines, or      |
  | about two inches in diameter, made by Ed. Perregaux; or for  |
  | the Chain and Seals thereto attached. The Chain is very      |
  | massive, with square links, and carries a Pendant Chain with |
  | two seals, one of them having the monogram "B.N.," cut       |
  | thereon.                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $300 will be given for information leading to    |
  | the identification and recovery of an old-fashioned          |
  | open-faced Gold Watch, with gold dial, showing rays          |
  | diverging from the center, and with raised figures; believed |
  | to have been made by Tobias, and which was taken at the same |
  | time as the above articles.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $300 will be given for the recovery of a Gold    |
  | Medal of about the size of a silver dollar, and which bears  |
  | an inscription of presentation not precisely known, but      |
  | believed to be either "To Sampson Simpson, President of the  |
  | Jews' Hospital," or, "To Benjamin Nathan, President of the   |
  | Jews' Hospital."                                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $100 will be given for full and complete         |
  | detailed information descriptive of this medal, which may be |
  | useful in securing its recovery.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,000 will be given for information leading to  |
  | the identification of the instrument used in committing the  |
  | murder, which is known as a "dog" or clamp, and is a piece   |
  | of wrought iron about sixteen inches long, turned up for     |
  | about an inch at each end, and sharp; such as is used by     |
  | ship-carpenters, or post-trimmers, ladder-makers,            |
  | pump-makers, sawyers, or by iron-moulders to clamp their     |
  | flasks.                                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $800 will be given to the man who, on the        |
  | morning of the murder, was seen to ascend the steps and pick |
  | up a piece of paper lying there, and then walk away with it, |
  | if he will come forward and produce it.                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Any information bearing upon the case may be sent to the     |
  | Mayor, John Jourdan, Superintendent of Police City of New    |
  | York; or to James J. Kelso, Chief Detective Officer.         |
  |                                                              |
  | A. OAKEY HALL, MAYOR.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The foregoing rewards are offered by the request of, and are |
  | guaranteed by me.                                            |
  |                                                              |
  | Signed, EMILY G. NATHAN,                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Widow of B. NATHAN.                                          |
  |                                                              |
  | The following reward has also been offered by the New York   |
  | Stock Exchange:                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | $10,000.--The New York Stock Exchange offers a reward of Ten |
  | Thousand Dollars for the arrest and conviction of the        |
  | murderer or murderers of Benjamin Nathan, late a member of   |
  | said Exchange, who was killed on the night of July 28, 1870, |
  | at his house in Twenty-third street. New York City.          |
  |                                                              |
  | J. L. BROWNELL, Vice-Chairman                                |
  |                                                              |
  | Gov. Com.                                                    |
  |                                                              |
  | D. C. HAYS, Treasurer.                                       |
  | B. O. WHITE, Secretary.                                      |
  | MAYOR'S OFFICE, New York, August 5, 1870.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for July.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 Broadway,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary._                |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                         RAIL-ROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and       |
  |                        Saleable Work.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Nassau Street.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,      |
  |  commencing May 31, will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers,(Nyack, and  |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  |    Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill,     |
  |  Hudson, and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge   |
  | cars in connection with the day boats will leave on arrival  |
  |   at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare    |
  |   $4.25 from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat   |
  |     Seneca will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J.M. Sprague                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Is the Authorized Agent of                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           For the                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     New England States,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |     To Procure Subscriptions, and to Employ Canvassors.      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York.

       *       *       *       *       *


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD:

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XVI.

AVUNCULAR DEVOTIO

Having literally _fallen_ asleep from his chair to the rug, J. BUMSTEAD,
Esquire, was found to have reached such an extraordinary depth in
slumber, that Mr. and Mrs. SMYTHE, his landlord and landlady, who were
promptly called in by Mr. DIBBLE, had at first some fear that they
should never be able to drag him out again. In pursuance, however, of a
mode of treatment commended to their judgment, by frequent previous
practice with the same patient, the good couple poured a pitcher of
water over his fallen head; hauled him smartly up and down the room,
first by a hand and then by a foot; singed his whiskers with a hot
poker, held him head-downward for a time, and tried various other
approved allopathic remedies. Seeing that he still slept profoundly,
though appearing, by occasional movements of his arms, to entertain
certain passing dreams of single combats, the quick womanly wit of Mrs.
SMYTHE finally hit upon the homoeopathic expedient of softly shaking his
familiar antique flask at his right ear. Scarcely had the soft, liquid
sound therefrom resulting been addressed for a minute to the auricular
orifice, when a singularly pleasing smile wreathed the countenance of
the Ritualistic organist, his eyelids flew up like the spring-covers of
two valuable hunting-case watches, and he suddenly arose to a sitting
position upon the rug and began feeling around for the bed-clothes.

"There!" cried Mrs. SMYTHE, greatly affected by his pathetic expression
of countenance, "you're all right now, sir. How worn-out you must have
been, to sleep so!"

"Do you always go to sleep with such alarming suddenness?" asked Mr.
DIBBLE.

"When I have to go anywhere, I make it a rule to go at once:--similarly,
when going to sleep," was the answer. "Excuse me, however, for keeping
you waiting, Mr. DIBBLE. We've had quite a rain, sir."

His hair, collar, and shoulders being very wet from the water which had
been poured upon him during his slumber, Mr. BUMSTEAD, in his present
newly-awake frame of mind, believed that a hard shower had taken place,
and thereupon turned moody.

"We've had quite a rain, sir, since I saw you last," he repeated,
gloomily, "and I am freshly reminded of my irreparable loss."

"Such an open, spring-like character!" apostrophized the lawyer, staring
reflectively into the grate.

"Always open when it rained, and closing with a spring," said Mr.
BUMSTEAD, in soft abstraction lost.

"_Who_ closed with a spring?" queried the elder man, irascibly.

"The umbrella," sobbed JOHN BUMSTEAD.

"I was speaking of your nephew, sir!" was Mr. DIBBLE'S impatient
explanation.

Mr. BUMSTEAD stared at him sorrowfully for a moment, and then requested
Mrs. SMYTHE to step to a cupboard in the next room and immediately pour
him out a bottle of soda-water which she should find there.

"Won't you try some?" he asked the lawyer, rising limply to his feet
when the beverage was brought, and drinking it with considerable noise.

"No, thank you," returned Mr. DIBBLE.

"As you please, then," said the organist, resignedly. "Only, if you have
a headache don't blame me. (Mr. and Mrs. SMYTHE, you may place a few
cloves where I can get them, and retire.) What you have told me, Mr.
DIBBLE, concerning the breaking of the engagement between your ward and
my nephew, relieves my mind of a load. As a right-thinking man, I can no
longer suspect you of having killed EDWIN DROOD."

"Suspect ME?" screamed the aged lawyer, almost leaping into the air.

"Calm yourself," observed Mr. BUMSTEAD, quietly, the while he ate a
sedative clove. "I say that I can _not_ longer suspect you. I can not
think that a person of your age would wantonly destroy a human life
merely to obtain an umbrella."

Absolutely purple in the face, Mr. DIBBLE snatched his hat from a chair
just as the Ritualistic organist was about to sit upon it, and was on
the point of hurrying wrathfully from the room, when the entrance of
Gospeler SIMPSON arrested him.

Noting his agitation, Mr. BUMSTEAD instantly resolved to clear him from
suspicion in the new-comer's mind also.

"Reverend Sir," he said to the Gospeler, quickly, "in this sad affair we
must be just, as well as vigilant I believe Mr. DIBBLE to be as innocent
as ourselves. Whatever may be his failings so far as liquor is
concerned, I wholly acquit him of all guilty knowledge of my nephew and
umbrella."

Too apoplectic with suffocating emotions to speak, Mr. DIBBLE foamed
slightly at the month and tore out a lock or two of his hair.

"And I believe that my unhappy pupil, Mr. PENDRAGON, is as guiltless,"
responded the puzzled Gospeler. "I do not deny that he had a quarrel
with Mr. DROOD, in the earlier part of their acquaintance; but, as you,
Mr. BUMSTEAD, yourself, admit, their meeting at the Christmas-Eve dinner
was amicable; as I firmly believe their last mysterious parting to have
been."

The organist raised his fine head from the shadow of his right hand, in
which it had rested for a moment, and said, gravely: "I cannot deny,
gentlemen, that I have had my terrible distrusts of you all. Even now,
while, in my deepest heart, I release Mr. DIBBLE and Mr. PENDRAGON from
all suspicion, I cannot entirely rid my mind of the impression that you,
Mr. SIMPSON, in an hour when, from undue indulgence in stimulants, you
were not wholly yourself, may have been tempted, by the superior
fineness of the alpaca, to slay a young man inexpressibly dear to us
all."

"Great heavens, Mr. BUMSTEAD!" panted the Gospeler, livid with horror,
"I never--"

--"Not a word, sir!" interrupted the Ritualistic organist,--"not a word,
Reverend sir, or it may be used against you at your trial."

Pausing not to see whether the equally overwhelmed old lawyer followed
him, the horribly astounded Gospeler burst precipitately from the house
in wild dismay, and was presently hurrying past the pauper
burial-ground. Whether he had been drawn to that place by some one of
the many mystic influences moulding the fates of men, or because it
happened to be on his usual way home, let students of psychology and
topography decide. Thereby he was hurrying, at any rate, when a shining
object lying upon the ground beside the broken fence, caused him to stop
suddenly and pick up the glittering thing. It was an oroide watch,
marked E.D.; and, a few steps further on, a coppery-looking seal-ring
also attracted the finder's grasp. With these baubles in his hand the
genial clergyman was walking more slowly onward, when it abruptly
occurred to him, that his possession of such property might possibly
subject him to awkward consequences if he did not immediately have
somebody arrested in advance. Perspiring freely at the thought, he
hurried to his house, and, there securing the company of MONTGOMERY
PENDRAGON, conveyed his beloved pupil at once before Judge SWEENEY, and
made affidavit of finding the jewelry. The jeweler, who had wound EDWIN
DROOD'S watch for him on the day of the dinner, promptly identified the
timepiece by the innumerable scratches around the keyhole; Mr. BUMSTEAD,
though at first ecstatic with the idea that the seal-ring was a ferule
from an umbrella, at length allowed himself to be persuaded into a
gloomy recognition of it as a part of his nephew, and MONTGOMERY was
detained in custody for further revelations.

News of the event circulating, the public mind of Bumsteadville lost no
time in deploring the incorrigible depravity of Southern character, and
recollecting several horrors of human Slavery. It was now clearly
remembered that there had once been rumors of terrible cruelties by a
PENDRAGON family to an aged colored man of great piety; who, because he
incessantly sang hymns in the cotton-field, was sent to a field farther
from the PENDRAGON mansion, and ultimately died. Citizens reminded each
other, that when, during the rebellion, a certain PENDRAGON of the
celebrated Southern Confederacy met a former religious chattel of his
confronting him with a bayonet in the loyal ranks, and immediately
afterwards felt a cold, tickling sensation under one of his ribs, he
drew a pistol upon the member of the injured race, who subsequently died
in Ohio of fever and ague. What wonder was it, then, that this young
PENDRAGON with an Indian club and a swelled head should secretly
slaughter the nephew and appropriate the umbrella of one of the most
loyal and devoted Ritualists that ever sent a substitute to battle? In
the mighty metropolis, too, the Great Dailies--those ponderous engines
of varied and inaccurate intelligence--published detailed and mistaken
reports of the whole affair, and had subtle editorial theories as to the
nature of the crime. The _Sun,_ after giving a cut of an old-fashioned
parlor-grate as a diagram of Mr. BUMSTEAD'S house, and a portrait of Mr.
JOHN RUSSELL YOUNG as a correct photograph of the alleged murderer by
ROCKWOOD, said:--"The retention of Mr. FISH as Secretary of State by the
present venal Administration, and the official countenance otherwise
corruptly given to friends of Spanish tyranny who do not take the _Sun,_
are plainly among the current encouragements to such crime as that in
the full reporting of which to-day the _Sun's_ advertisements are
crowded down to a single page, as usual. Judge CONNOLLY, after walking
all the way from Yorkville, agrees with the _Sun_ in believing, that
something more than an umbrella tempted this young MONTMORENCY PADREGON
to waylay EDWIN WOOD. To-morrow we shall give the public still further
exclusive revelations, such as the immense circulation of the New York
_Sun_ enables us especially to obtain. On this, as upon every occasion
of the publication of the _Sun,_ we shall leave out columns upon columns
of profitable advertising, in order that no reader of the _Sun_ shall be
stinted in his criminal news. The _Sun_ (price two cents) has never yet
been bought by advertisers, and never will be." The _Tribune_ said:
"What time the reader can spare from perusing our special dispatches
concerning the progress of Smalleyism in Europe, shall, undoubtedly, be
given to our female-reporter's account of the alleged tragedy at
Bumperville. There are reasons of manifest propriety to restrain us, as
superior journalists, from the sensational theorizing indulged by
editors choosing to expend more care and money upon local news than upon
European rumors; but we may not injudiciously hazard the assumption,
that, were the police under any other than Democratic domination, such a
murder as that alleged to have been committed by MANTON PENJOHNSON on
BALDWIN GOOD had not been possible. PENJOHNSON, it shall be noticed, is
a Southerner, while young GOOD was strongly Northern in sentiment; and
it requires no straining of a point to trace in these known facts a
sectional antagonism to which even a long war has not yielded full
sanguinary satiation." The _World_ said: "_Acerrima proximorum odia;_
and, under the present infamous Radical abuse of empire, the hatred
between brothers, first fostered by the eleutheromaniacs of
Abolitionism, is bearing its bitter fruit of private assassination at
last. Somewhere amongst our _loci communes_ of to-day may be found a
report of the supposed death, at Hampsteadville (_not_ Bumperville, as a
radical contemporary has it,) of a young Northerner named GOODWIN BLOOD,
at the hands of a Southern gentleman belonging to the stately old
Southern family of PENTORRENS. The PENTORRENS' are related, by old
cavalier stock, to the Dukes of Mandeville, whose present ducal
descendant combines the elegance of an Esterhazy with the intellect of
an Argyle. That a scion of such blood as this has reduced a fellow-being
to a condition of inanimate protoplasm, is to be regretted for his sake;
but more for that of a country in which the philosophy of COMTE finds in
a corrupt radical pantarchy all-sufficient first-cause of whatsoever is
rotten in the State of Denmark." The Times said: "We give no details of
the Burnstableville tragedy to-day, not being willing to pander to a
vitiated public taste; but shall do so to-morrow."

After reading these articles in the Great Dailies with considerable
distraction, and inferring therefrom, that at least three different
young Southerners had killed three different young Northerners in three
different places on Christmas-Eve, Judge SWEENEY had a rush of blood to
the brain, and discharged MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON as a person of
undistinguishable identity. But, when set at large, the helpless youth
could not turn a corner without meeting some bald-headed reporter who
raised the cry of "Stop thief!" if he sought to fly, and, if he paused,
interviewed him in a magisterial manner, and almost tearfully implored
him to Confess his crime in time for the Next Edition.

Father DEAN, Ritual Rector of St. Cow's, meeting Gospeler SIMPSON upon
one of their daily strolls through the snow, said to him:

"This young man, your pupil, has sinned, it appears, and a Ritualistic
church, Mr. Gospeler, is no sanctuary for sinners."

"I cannot believe that the sin is his, Holy Father," answered the
Reverend OCTAVIUS, respectfully: "but, even if it is, and he is
remorseful for it, should not our Church cover him with her wings?"

"There are no wings to St. Cow's yet," returned the Father,
coldly,--"only the main building; and that is too small to harbor any
sinner who has not sufficient means to build a wing or two for himself."

"Then," said the Gospeler, bowing his head and speaking slowly, "I
suppose he must go to the Other Church."

"What Other church?"

The Gospeler raised his hat and spoke reverently:--

That which is all of God's world outside this little church of ours.
That in which the Altar is any humble spot pressed by the knees of the
Unfortunate. That in which the priest is whoso doeth a good, unselfish
deed, even if in the shadow of the scaffold. That in which the anthem of
visible charity for an erring brother sinks into the listening soul an
echo of an unseen Father's pity and forgiveness, and the choral service
is the music of kind words to all who ever found but unkind words
before."

"You must mean the Church of the Pooritans," said the Ritual Rector.

So, MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON went forth from Gospeler's Gulch to seek harbor
where he might; and, a day or two afterwards, Mr. BUMSTEAD exhibited to
Mr. SIMPSON the following entry in his famous Diary.

"No signs of that umbrella yet. Since the discovery of the watch and
seal-ring, I am satisfied that my umbrella, only, was the temptation of
the murderer. I now swear that I will no more discuss either my nephew
or my umbrella with any living soul, until I have found once more the
familiar boyish form and alpaca canopy, or brought vengeance upon him
through whom I am nephewless and without protection in the rain."

(_To be Continued._)

       *       *       *       *       *

CHINCAPIN AMONG THE FREE LOVERS.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: When Oratory, rising to its loftiest flights upon the
wings of Buncombe, denounces with withering scorn the effete and
tyrannical monarchies of Europe, and proclaims the glorious fact that
this is a Free Country, Fellow Citizens! it hardly does us justice. We
are not only free, Mr. PUNCHINELLO, we are Free and Easy, sir. Breathes
there a man so tortuously afflicted with Strabismus that he doesn't see
it? If such there be let him go and visit the Oneida Community.

Last week I took a run down to Oneida myself. I found the Communists a
very Social crowd, I can assure you. PROUDHON himself might be proud of
such disciples, and DESIDERANT find nothing there to be Desiderated. The
Communists divide everything equally, particularly the Affections, so
there are no Better Halves among them. In Utah, you are aware, Mr.
PUNCHINELLO, the women are Sealed to the men, but among these people
they are not even Wafered. Your Own IDA may be anybody else's in the
Oneida Community. The only individuals that object to Dividing are the
children, who are generally opposed to Division, both long and Short, as
well as to Fractions.

Infants don't go for much among the Free Lovers, and are Put Out--to
Nurse. After the age of Fifteen months they are surrendered by their
Ma's to the Charge of the Two Hundred (the number of men and women in
the Community,) who become their common parents, and the infants become
common property. The domestic arrangements are entrusted to two females,
who are called the "Mothers of the Community." But whether these dual
Mothers Do All the Nursing I am unable to say.

I had a little conversation with the Eminent and Aged Free Lover who
acted as my guide, and I give it in the manner of the "interviewing
reporter."

CHINC. Venerable Seer, tip us your views on the subject of Love.

AGED FREE-LOVER Do you then take an Interest in our Principles?

CHINC. (Dubiously.) Then you _have_--

A. F. L. Yes, of our own. They are not those of a prejudiced Wor-r-r-ld.
Our principles are Embraced in the Communism of Love and Passional
Attraction.

CHINC. (Confidently.) Ah, yes; of course--you are Free Lovers.

A. F. L. Sir-r-r?

CHINC. (Much abashed.) Excuse me. I am young, inexperienced, and but
slightly acquainted with the Dictionary.

A. P. L. So I see. Know, young man, that we scorn and repudiate the name
of Free Lovers as applied to us by the newspapers. It is true we believe
that Love should be untrammelled by the Hateful Bonds of Marriage. With
us a Lady may have an affinity for any number of gentlemen, and
vice-versa. But we are not Free Lovers.

CHINC. Oh, no! Not by no means. Not any.

A. F. L. (Growing eloquent.) We have only advanced from the simple to
the more complex form of matrimony. Why should not the faithfulness
which constitutes the wretchedly exclusive dual Marriage of the
Wor-r-r-ld exist as well between Two Hundred as between two? Why?

CHINC. Why, O why? But there may be reasons--

A.F.L. Young Man, reared in the hateful prejudices of an Unprogressive
Wor-r-ld, there air none.

CHINC. This system, as you, Ancient Person, observe, is much complexed.
Do I, then, understand you that a woman may have fifty affinities and
yet be faithful to each?

A.F.L. Yes, my son, any number. This plurality of affinities you of
course cannot appreciate. A prejudiced Wor-r-r-ld cannot understand the
Bond of Union which connects all the Brothers and Sisters in a Spiritual
Marriage. The results of the complex system are--

CHINC. (Interrupting.) I--I--fear the complexity of your system is one
too many for me. I feel that my Brow cannot stand the pressure. I must
away. Farewell, old man--Adieu!

Such, Mr. PUNCHINELLO, is briefly the Free and Easy Doctrine of Natural
Affinity and Passional Attraction. I have no doubt there are some
illiberal Persons who would give it a much harsher name. For myself, I
believe in the Biggest kind of Liberty, but not for the Biggest kind of
Libertines. Reverentially yours,

CHINCAPIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: LACONIC, BUT EXPRESSIVE.

SCENE: NEIGHBORHOOD OF THE FIVE POINTS

_First Ruffian._ "WHERE TO NOW, SNOOTY?"

_Second Ditto._ "PICNIC."

_First Ditto._ "WOTTERYER GOT IN YER LUNCH WALLET?"

_Second Ditto._ "SLUNG SHOT."]

       *       *       *       *       *

REJUVENATED FRANCE.

PUNCHINELLO has perused a draft of the next Constitution of the French
people, or of France, if that is better. Unwilling to give it to his
readers in full, at present, he considers himself authorized, however,
to cite a few paragraphs of it, which will be found both original and
interesting.

FIFTY-SEVENTH CONSTITUTION OF FRANCE. (One a year, more or less.)

_Paragraph_ 1. The French Nation is sovereign; the French people are
sovereign; sovereigns are sovereign; every Frenchman is sovereign.

_Paragraph_ 2. All men are equal, but Frenchmen are highly superior to
all other men.

_Paragraph_ 3. In order to secure peace, it is decreed and plebiscited
that all governments shall have a chance. For the next ten years, or
less, the Orleans Dynasty shall rule; after that a BONAPARTE for a few
years; then a Republic, "democratic and social," as long as it can keep
on its legs. After that a second Republic, for a twelvemonth at least.
Then an old BOURBON, if one can be found. After this, a military
dictatorship; the army to decide its duration. At each change the people
will decide by plebiscit whether they want the respective governments to
be: _personal_, _legal_, or neither.

_Paragraph_ 4.--But here we must stop.

       *       *       *       *       *

Titans.

The _Liberte_ says: "A lot of crazy fellows tried to proclaim the
republic at Toulouse." Now there are manifestly two errors in this
statement. The fellows alluded to were not Toulouse, but too tight
fellows. Moreover, if they really had been crazies, as the _Liberte_
supposes, they would have been instantly arrested and sent to Paris,
under guard, by the way of the Madder line, to await the action of the
Prefect of the Sane.

       *       *       *       *       *

Astronomical.

A NEW Milky Way has been discovered. It is the way the milk producers
(farmers, not cows,) of Westchester County have of insisting upon
raising their charges for milk from four cents to five cents a quart,
wholesale. We fail to discern the milk of human kindness, here; but it
is clear that the milk in the cocoa-nuts of these farmers is mighty
sour.

       *       *       *       *       *

WHAT SIGERSON SAYS.

SIGERSON (Dr.) of the Royal Irish Academy, has gone and said some mighty
unpleasant things about the Atmosphere. How he found them out, we can't
say, (and we hope _he_ can't:) but nevertheless, he declares, with the
most dreadful calmness, that if you go to visit the Iron Works, you will
inevitably breathe a great many hollow Balls of Iron, say about one two
thousandth of an inch in diameter! What these rather diminutive
ferruginous globules will do for you, we do not know; but you can see
for yourself, that with your lungs full of little iron balls you must
certainly be in a "parlous" state. We should say that we had quite as
lief have the air full of those iron spheres, termed Cannon Balls, as it
is now in France. It is true, one couldn't get many of _these_ inside
one with impunity; and equally true, that foundry men do manage to live,
with all that iron in their lungs; but we can't say we desire to "build
up an Iron Constitution," as the P-r-n S-r-p folks say, by the inhaling
process.

But SIGERSON is not content to render the neighborhood of Iron Works
questionable to the delicate and apprehensive; in "shirt-factory air" he
declares, upon honor, "there are little filaments of linen and cotton,
with minute eggs" (goodness gracious!) "Threshing machines," he more
than insinuates, "fill the air with fibres, starch-grains and spores,"
(spores! think of that;) and (what is truly ha(i)rrowing,) in "stables
and barber's shops" you cannot but breathe "scales and hairs." Good
Heavens!

What he says of printers and smokers is simply horrible; in short, this
dreadful SIGERSON has gone and made life a wretched and lingering (to
quote the sensitive Mrs. GAMP,) "progiss through this mortial wale."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacation.

When we visit ordinary places of summer resort, we require no particular
outfit, (it being remembered that the "we" alluded to comprehends only
males,) excepting a suitable supply of summer clothes. But when we go to
the Adirondacks,--certainly a most extraordinary place of summer
resort,--we require an outfit which is as remarkable as the region
itself. Thoroughly understanding this necessity, Mr. PUNCHINELLO made
himself entirely ready for a life in the woods before he set out for the
Adirondack Mountains. Witness the completeness of his preparations.

The railroad to the heart of this delightful resort is not yet finished,
and when Mr. P. had completed his long journey, in which the excellence
and abominabitity,--so to speak,--of every American form of conveyance
was exhibited, he was glad enough to see before him those charming wilds
which are gradually being tamed down by the well-to-do citizens of New
York and Boston. He found that it was necessary, in order to enter the
district, to pass through a gate in a high pale-fence, and, to his
surprise, he was informed that he must buy a ticket before being allowed
to proceed. On inquiry, he discovered that the Reverend Mr. MURRAY, of
Boston, claiming the whole Adirondack region by right of discovery, had
fenced it entirely in, and demanded entrance money of all visitors.

This was bad, to be sure, but there was no help for it, and Mr. P.
bought his ticket and passed in.

The Adirondack scenery is peculiar. In the first place, there are no
pavements or gravel walks.

This is a grievous evil, and should be remedied by Mr. MURRAY as soon as
possible. The majority of the paths are laid out in the following
manner.

The scenery, however, would be very fine if the bugs were transparent.

The multitudes of insectivorous carnivora, which arose to greet Mr. P.,
effectually prevented him from seeing anything more than a yard distant.

But if this had been all, Mr. P. would not have uttered a word of
complaint. It was not all, by any means.

These hungry creatures, these black-flies; midges; mosquitoes; yellow
bloodsuckers; poison-bills; corkscrew-stingers; hook-tailed hornets; and
all the rest of them settled down upon him until they covered him like a
suit of clothes. A warmer welcome was never extended to a traveller in a
strange land.

In case his readers should not be familiar with the animal, the
accompanying drawing will give an admirable idea of the celebrated
black-fly of the Adirondacks, which, with the grizzly bear and the
rattlesnake, occupies the front rank among American ferocious animals.

After travelling on foot for a day and a night; drenched by rain;
scorched by the sun; crippled by rocks and roots; frightened by
rattle-snakes and panthers; blistered and swollen by poisonous insects;
nearly starved; tired to death; and presenting the most pitiable
appearance in the world, Mr. P. reached the encampment of Mr. MURRAY,
proprietor and exhibitor of the Adirondacks.

Knowing that there was quite a large company in the camp, Mr. P. was
almost ashamed to show himself in such a doleful plight, but he soon
found that there was no need for any scruples on that account, as they
were all as wretched looking as himself.

Mr. MURRAY welcomed him cordially, and after building a "smudge" around
him to keep off the flies, he gave Mr. P. some Boston brown-bread and a
glass of pure water from a rill.

This, with a sip from Mr. P.'s little flask, revived him considerably,
and after a night's rest on the lee side of a tree, where the rain did
not wet him nearly so much as if he had been on the other side, Mr. P.
felt himself equal to the task of enjoying the Adirondacks.

That morning, Mr. MURRAY conducted a melancholy party of disconsolate
pleasure-seekers to a neighboring stream, where he instructed them to
fish for trout.. He told them they must revel in the delights of the
scene, and should tremble with the wild rapture of drawing from the
rushing waters the bounding trout.

Mr. P. tried very hard to do this. He put his prettiest fly and his
sharpest hook on his longest line, and, for hours, gently whipped the
ripples. At last a speckled representative of the American National
Game-fish took compassion on the patient fisherman and entered into a
contest of skill with him. (A friendly match, and no bets on either
side.) The game lasted some time. The fish made some splendid
"fly-catches;" and Mr. P., slipping on a wet stone at the edge of the
brook, got in once on his base. On this occasion, the line and a
black-berry bush arranged a decided "foul" between them. At last, just
at the most interesting point of the game, the sudden sting of a
steel-bee caused Mr. P. to give a quick bawl, when the fish took a
home-run and came back no more. Time of game, 3h., 50m.

     Mr. P. 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0--1.
     Trout  6 9 8 7 9 9 9 9 9--75.

That afternoon Mr. MURRAY took the party to Crystal Brook, Shanty Brook,
Mainspring Brook, Tenement Brook, and more little mountain gutters of
the kind than you could count on your fingers and toes. As an
aristocratic residence, this region is certainly superior to New York,
for the Murray Hills are as plenty as blackberries. The next day they
all went up Mount Marcy. When the ascent was completed, everybody lay
down and went to sleep. They were too tired to bother themselves about
the view. At length, after a good nap, Mr. MURRAY got up and wakened the
party, and they all came down.

They came by the way of the "grand slide," but Mr. P. didn't like it.
His tailor, however, will no doubt think very highly of it.

When all was quiet, that evening, on Dangle-worm Creek, near which
they were encamped, Mr. P. found the Reverend MURRAY sitting in the
smoke of his private smudge, enjoying his fragrant pipe. Seating himself
by the veteran pioneer, Mr. P. addressed him thus:

"Tell me, Mr. MURRAY, in confidence, your opinion of the Adirondacks."

"Sir," said Mr. MURRAY, "I have no objection to give a person of your
respectability and knowledge of the world my opinion of this region, but
I do not wish it made public."

"Of course, sir!" said Mr. P. "A man of your station and antecedents
would not wish his private opinions to be made too public. You may rely
upon my discretion."

"Well, then," said the reverend mountaineer, "I think the Adirondacks an
unmitigated humbug, and I wish I had never let the world know that there
was such a place."

"Why then do you come here every season, sir?"

"After all I have written and said about it," said Mr. MURRAY, "I have
to come to keep up appearances. Don't you see? But I hate these
mountains from the bottom of my heart. For every word I have written in
praise of the region I have a black-fly-bite on my legs. For every word
I have said in favor of it I have a scratch or a bruise in some other
part of my corpus. I wish that there was no such a season as
summer-time, or else no such a place as the Adirondacks."

(Readers of this paper are requested to skip the above, as those are Mr.
MURRAY'S private opinions, and not the statements he makes in public,
and his desire to keep them dark should be respected.)

It may be of interest to his patrons to know that Mr. P. arrived home
safely and with whole bones.

       *       *       *       *       *

RAMBLINGS.

BY MOSE SKINNER.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: The editor of the Slunkville _Lyre_ says in his last
issue:--

"Notwithstanding the calumnies of Mr. SKINNER, our reputation is still
good, and we continue to pay our debts promptly."

This is the fifth hoax he has perpetrated within two weeks. His line of
business at present seems to be the _canard_ line.

I'll trust him out of sight if I can keep one eye on him. Not otherwise.

For a light recreation, combining a little business, I recommend his
funeral.

It is pleasant to reflect that men of his stamp are never born again.
They are born once too much as it is.

He went to the Agricultural Fair last Fall. There was a big potato
there. After gazing spell-bound upon it for one hour, he rushed home and
set the following in type:

"What is the difference between the Rev. ADAM CLARK, and the big potato
at the fair? One is a Commentator, and the other is an _Un_common
'tater."

This conundrum was so exquisitely horrible, that his friends hoped he'd
have judgment enough to hang himself, but such things die hard.

Colonel W-----'s Goat. Colonel W-----, is a great man in these parts
Like most village nabobs, he's a corpulent gentleman with a great show
of dignity, and in a white vest and gold-headed cane, looks eminently
respectable. He owns a hot-house, keeps a big dog that is very savage,
and his wife wears a silk dress at least three times a week,--either of
which will establish a man's reputation in a country town.

Everything belonging to the Colonel is held in the utmost awe by the
villagers. The paper speaks of him as "our esteemed and talented
townsman, Col. W.," and alludes to his "beautiful and accomplished
wife," who, by the way, was formerly waiter in an oyster saloon, and won
the Colonel's affection by the artless manner in which she would shout:
"Two stews, plenty o' butter."

Like others of his stamp, the Colonel amounts to something just where he
is, but take him anywhere else, he'd be a first-class, eighteen carat
fraud.

Awhile ago, the Colonel bought a goat for his little boy to drive in
harness, and the animal often grazed at the foot of a cliff, near the
house. One day, a man wandering over this cliff fell and was instantly
killed, evidently having come in contact with the goat, for the animal's
neck was broken.

But what amused me was the way the aforesaid editor spoke of the affair.
He wrote half a column on the "sad death of Col. W's. goat," but not a
word of the unfortunate dead man, till he wound up as follows:

"We omitted to state that a dead man was picked up near the unfortunate
goat. It is supposed that this person, in wandering over the cliff, lost
his foothold and fell, striking the doomed animal in his progress. Thus,
through the carelessness of this obscure individual, was Col. W's. poor
little goat hurled into eternity."

The Superintendent asked me last Sunday to take charge of a class.
"You'll find 'em rather a bad lot" said he. "They all went fishing last
Sunday but little JOHNNY RAND. _He_ is really a good boy, and I hope his
example may yet redeem the others. I wish you'd talk to 'em a little."

I told him I would.

They were rather a hard looking set. I don't think I ever witnessed a
more elegant assortment of black eyes in my life. Little JOHNNY RAND,
the good boy, was in his place, and I smiled on him approvingly. As soon
as the lessons were over, I said:

"Boys, your Superintendent tells me you went fishing last Sunday. All
but little JOHNNY, here."

"You didn't go, did you, JOHNNY?" I said.

"No, sir."

"That was right. Though this boy is the youngest among you," I
continued, "you will now learn from his lips words of good counsel,
which I hope you will profit by."

I lifted him up on the seat beside me, and smoothed his auburn ringlets.

"Now, JOHNNY, I want you to tell your teacher, and these wicked boys,
why you didn't go fishing with them last Sunday. Speak up loud, now. It
was because it was very wicked, and you had rather come to the Sunday
School. Wasn't it?"

"No, sir, it was 'cos I couldn't find no worms for bait."

Somehow or other these good boys always turn out humbugs.


It is hardly good taste to introduce anything of a pathetic nature in an
article intended to be humorous, but the following displays such
infinite depth of tenderness, fortified by strength of mind, that I
cannot forbear. Although it occurred when I was quite young, it is
firmly impressed on my memory:

The autumn winds sighed drearily through the leafless trees, as the
solemn procession passed slowly into the quiet church-yard, and paused
before the open grave, where all that was mortal of LUCY C----- was to
be laid away forever, and when the white-haired old pastor, with
trembling voice, recounted her last moments, sobs broke out afresh, for
she was beloved by all.

The bereaved husband stood a little apart, and, though no tear escaped
him, yet we all instinctively felt that his heart was wrung with agony,
and his burden greater than he could bear. With folded arms, and eyes
bent upon the coffin, he seemed buried in a deep and painful reverie.
None dared intrude upon a grief so sacred. At last, turning to his
brother, and pointing to the coffin, he said:

"JOHN, don't you call that rather a neat looking box for four dollars?"

       *       *       *       *       *

Financial.

Our French editor thinks that the Imperial revenues ought to be doubled
at once, on the ground of the too evident Income-pittance of the
Emperor.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: AN EXCURSION.

_Fanny_. "ISN'T IT TOO BAD, FRANK; WE SHALL GET BACK TO TOWN LONG BEFORE
DARK."

(_Fact is, Fanny has a thick shawl, and it would be so nice to share it
with Frank._)]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: I see you have been at the White Sulphur Springs; but
you forgot to tell us what we were all dying to hear about the waters.
Several friends had suggested that I should go to some watering place
where I could get nothing else but water to drink, or to some spring
where I couldn't get "sprung." I tried the White Sulphur, and while
there learned some facts that may be useful to others who seek them for
a similar purpose.

These springs differ from the European springs in that they were not
discovered by the Romans. The Latin conquerors never roamed so far, and
it was perhaps a good thing for them that they didn't, Sulphur water
could not have agreed with Romans any more than it agrees with Yankees
who take whiskey with it. I was asked if I would like to analyse the
water, (as everything here is done by analysis under the eye of the
resident physician.) _My_ analysis was done entirely under the nose.

I raised a glass of the enchanted fluid to my lips: but my nose said
very positively, "Don't do it," and I didn't. I told my conductor I had
analyzed it, and he seemed not a little astonished at the rapidity and
simplicity of the method. He asked me if I would be kind enough to write
out a statement of the result after the manner of Dr. HAYES, Prof.
ROGERS, and others who have examined these waters and testified that
they would cure everything but hydrophobia. I told him I would, and
retiring to my room, wrote as follows:

"Sulphur water contains mineral properties of a sulphuric character,
owing to the fact that the water runs over beds of sulphur. Nobody has
ever seen these beds, but they are supposed to constitute the cooler
portions of those dominions corresponding to the Christian location of
Purgatory. Sinners, preliminary to being plunged into the fiery furnace,
are laid out on these beds and wrapped in damp sheets by chambermaids
regularly attached to the establishment. This is meant to increase the
torture of their subsequent sufferings, and there can be no doubt that
it succeeds. Herein we have also an explanation of the reason of these
waters coming to the surface of the earth--it is to give patients and
other _miserables_ who drink them a foretaste of future horrors. Passing
from this branch of the subject to the analysis proper, I find that
fifty thousand grains of sulphur water divided, into one hundred parts,
contains,

    Bilge water, - - - - - - - - - - 95.75
    Sulphate of Bilgerius, - - - - -  1.855
    Chloride of Bilgeria, - - - - - -  .285
    Carbonate de Bilgique, - - - - - - .750
    Silica Bilgica, - - - - - - - - - 1.955
    Hydro-sulp-Bil, - - - - - - - - -  .28

Twenty thousand grains of the water would contain less of the above
element than fifty thousand grains, which ought to be mentioned as
another one of the remarkable peculiarities of this most remarkable
fluid."

I sent the foregoing scientific deductions to the "Resident Physician,"
and the bearer told me afterwards that the venerable Esculapian only
observed,--"Well, the writer of that must have been a most egregious
ass. There is no such thing as 'Sulphate of Bilgerius,' or 'Silica
Bilgica,' or anything like them", and then the old fellow chuckled to
himself over my supposed ignorance. I was willing he should. I'm
accustomed to being called an ass, and always like to be recognized by
my kindred. Chemically thine,

SULPHURO.

       *       *       *       *       *

COOL, IF NOT COMFORTABLE.

Apropos of complications arising out of the late Navy Appropriation Law,
a daily paper states as follows:

"The decision of the Attorney General now forces him to turn the balance
into the Treasury, and the sailors have to go unclothed."

How this decision will affect recruiting for our navy yet remains to be
seen, though it is probable that but few civilized men can be found to
join a service in which nudity is obligatory. In such torrid weather as
we are having, JACK ashore with nothing on, except, perhaps, a Panama
hat, will be a novel and refreshing object--but how about the police?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: LAW VERSUS LAWLESSNESS. THE VIRTUOUS ALLIES OF THE NEW
YORK "SUN" ENGAGED IN THEIR CONGENIAL OCCUPATION OF THROWING DIRT.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN ON BASE BALL.

A Match Game between Centenarians.--"Roomatix" vs. "Bloostockin's."

The veterans of the war of 1812 of this place, organized a base ball
club.

It was called the "Roomatix base ball club."

A challinge was sent to the "Bloo stockin' base ball club," an old man's
club in an adjoinin' town. They met last week to play a match game.

It required rather more macheenery than is usually allowed in this grate
nashunal game of chance.

For instance: The pitchers haden't very good eye-site, and were just as
liable to pitch a ball to "2nd base," as to "Home base."

To make a sure thing of it, a big long tin tube was made, on the
principle of the Noomatic tunnel under Broadway, New York. A large
thing, like a molasses funnel, was made, onto the end facin' the
pitcher.

The old man ceased the ball and pitched it into the brod openin'. The
raceway was slantin' downwards, towords the "_Homebase._" The batter
stood at his post, with an ear trumpet at his ear, and a wash-bord in
his two hands holdin' onto the handles.

When he heard the ball come rollin' down the tin, he would "muff" it
with his wash-bord. Then the excitement would begin. The "striker" would
start off and go feelin' about the "field" for the base, while the
"outs" got down onto their bands and knees and went huntin' for the
ball.

Sometimes a "fielder," whose sense of feelin' wasen't very acute, got
hold of a cobble stun, then he would waddle, and grope his way about, to
find the base. But I tell you it was soothin' fun for the old men.

After lookin' 20 minuts for a ball, then findin' the base before the
batter did, who just as like as not had strayed out into another lot, it
made the old fellers laff.

Sometimes two players would run into each other and go tumblin' over
together. Then the "Umpire" would go and get them onto their pins agin,
and give 'em a fresh start.

On each side of this interestin' match game, was two old men who went on
crutches.

It was agreed, as these men coulden't run the bases, that a man be
blindfolded and wheel these aged cripples about the bases in a
wheel-barrer.

The minnit these old chaps would "strike," they dropped their crutches,
and the umpire would dump them into the _vehicle,_ and away went mister
striker.

A player was bein' wheeled this way once, and the "outs" was down onto
their marrow-bones tryin' to find the ball, when a splash! was heard.
The wheel-barrer man had run his cart into a goose pond, and made a
scatterin' among the geese.

"Fowl!" cride the Umpire.

The wheel-barrer man drew his lode ashore.

"Out!" hollers the Umpire.

And another victim went to the wash-bord.

Bets were offered 2 to one, that "The Roomatixs" would _pass_ more
balls--on their hands and knees--than the "Bloostockin's." These bets
were freely taken--by obligin' stake-holders.

A friend of the "Bloostockin's" jumped upon a pile of stuns and said:

"15 to 10 'the Roomatix' have got more _blinds_ than the
'Bloostockin's.'"

No takers--I guess he would have won his bet, for just at this juncture
a "Roomatix" was at the bat.

The Umpire moved his head.

The old man thought it was the ball, and he "muffed" the "Umpire's" head
with his wash-bord.

The Umpire turned suddenly and wanted to know: "Who was firin' spit
balls at his back hair?"

One "innins," the ball was rolled through, it struck the batter in the
rite eye.

"Out on rite eye," cride the Umpire, and the batter was minus an eye.

Next man to the bat.

His eyes were gummy. He coulden't see the ball.

He heard the ball rollin'.

He raised his wash-board.

His strength gave way.

Down came the bat, and the handle of the wash-bord entered his eye.

"Out! on the left eye," screams the Umpire.

Old man No. 3 went to the wash-bord.

The ball came tearin' along.

It was a little too swift for the old man.--Rather too much "English"
into it. It "Kissed" and made a "scratch," strikin' the "Cushion"
between the old man's eyes.

This gave him the "cue." Tryin' to make a "draw" with the wash bord, so
as to "Uker" the ball, and "checkmate" the other club, he was
"distansed," and his spectacles went flyin', smashin' the glass and
shuttin' off his eyesite.

"Out! agin," bellers the Umpire.

This was the first _Blind_ innin's for the "Roomatix."

The "Bloostockin's" bein' told how this innin's stood, by addressin'
them through their ear-trumpets, made a faint effort to holler
"Whooray!"

And, I am grieved to say it, one by-stander, who diden't understand the
grate nashunal game, wanted to know:

"What in thunder them old dry bones was cryin' about"

It was a crooel remark, altho' the old men, not bein' used to hollerin'
much, and not havin' any teeth, did make rather queer work tryin' to
holler.

Ime sorry to say, the game wasen't finished.

Refreshments were served at the end of this innin's, consistin' of
Slippery Elm tea and water gruel.

The old men eat harty.

This made them sleepy, and the consequence was, that the minnit they was
led out on the grass, "Sleep, barmy sleep," got the best of 'em, and
they laid down and slept like infants.

Both nines were then loaded onto stone botes and drawn off of the field.

The friends of both sides _drew_ their stake money, and the Umpire,
_drawin'_ a long breath, declared the match a _draw_ game.

Basely Ewers, HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

Bad Eggs.


The following suggestive item appears in an evening paper:

"Illinois boasts of chickens hatched by the sun."

Well, New York can beat Illinois at that game. The chickens hatched by
the _Sun_, here, are far too numerous for counting, and they are curses
of the kind that will assuredly "come home to roost."

       *       *       *       *       *

Disagreeable, but True.


The restoration of the Bourbon dynasty is reckoned possible in France.

In this country the Bourbon die-nasty has never been played out. It is a
malignant disease, sometimes known as _delirium tremens._

       *       *       *       *       *

Musical.


Mlle. Silly, the daily papers inform us, has been engaged for the Grand
Opera House in _opera bouffe_, and will make her _debut_ about the
middle of September. The lady should not be confounded with any of our
New York "girls of the period" who bear, (or ought to bear,) her name.

       *       *       *       *       *

Caution to Readers.


Seven steady business men of this city, four solid capitalists of
Boston, eighteen Frenchmen residents of the United States, but doing
business nowhere, and a German butcher in the Bowery, have just been
added to sundry lunatic asylums, their intellects having become
hopelessly deranged from reading the conflicting telegrams about the war
in Europe.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Parallel.


In one of the reports of the Coroner's investigation of the Twenty-third
street murder, it was mentioned that "Several ladies and some young
children occupied chairs within the railing."

When REAL was hanged, it was noticeable that a great number of women
appeared in the morbid crowd that surrounded the Tombs, many of them
with small children in their arms.

Fifth Avenue and Five Points! Six of one and half-a-dozen of the other!
Blood _will_ tell!

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE HAZARD OF THE HORSE-CARS.

THIS IS STUBBS, (_an incorrigible old bachelor_,) WHO TAKES AN OPEN CAB,
FOR GREENWOOD, AND IS COMPELLED TO DO THE WHOLE DISTANCE SO.

Illustration: AND THIS IS THE WAY IN WHICH DOBBS, WHO WOULD HAVE BEEN
DELIGHTED WITH STUBB'S LUCK, IS MADE TO SUFFER MARTYRDOM ON _his_
LITTLE EXCURSION]


       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.

CANTO V.

    "Let's go to bed," says Sleepy Head,
    "Tarry awhile," says Slow;
    "Put on the pot," says Greedy Gut,
    "We'll sup before we go."

These lines the observant student of nursery literature will perceive
are satirical. Was there ever a poet who was not satirical? How could he
be a genius and not be able to point out the folly he sees around him
and comment upon it. In this case, the poor poet,--who lived in a
roseate cloud-land of his own, not desiring such mundane things as sleep
and food, was undoubtedly troubled and plagued to death by having
brothers and sisters who were of the earth, earthy; and who never
neglected on opportunity to laugh at his poems; to squirt water on him
when in the heavenly mood, his eyes in frenzy rolling; to put spiders
down his back; to stick pins in his elbows when writing; or upset his
inkstand.

Fine natures always have a deal to bear, in this world, from the coarse,
unfeeling natures that cannot appreciate their delicacy; and this one
had more than his share.

Many a time has he been goaded to frenzy by the cruel sneers and jokes
of those who should have been proud of his talents; and rushed with
wild-eyed eagerness down to the gentle frog pond, intending there to
bury his sorrows beneath its glassy surface. He saw in imagination the
grief-stricken faces of those cruel ones as they gazed upon his cold
corpus, with his damp locks clinging to his noble brow, the green slimy
weeds clasped in his pale hands, and the mud oozing from his pockets and
the legs of his pants; and he gloried in the remorse and anguish they
would feel when they knew that the Poet of the family was gone forever.

All this he pictured as he stood on the bank, and, while thinking, the
desire to plunge in grew smaller by degrees and beautifully less, till
at last it vanished entirely, and he concluded he had better go home,
finish his book first and drown himself afterwards, if necessary. It
would make much more stir in the world, and his name and works might
live forever.

A happy thought strikes him as he slowly meanders homeward. He would
have revenge. He would punish these wretches by handing down--to
posterity their peculiarities. He would put it in verse and have it
printed in his book, and then they'd see that even the gentle worm could
turn and sting.

Ah! blessed thought. He flies to his garret bedroom, seizes his
goose-quill and paper, and sits down. What shall he write about? He
nibbles the feather end of his pen, plunges the point into the ink,
looks at it intently to see if he has hooked up an idea, sees none, and
falls to nibbling again. Ah! now he has it. There is TOM, the
dunderhead, who is always sleepy and he will put that down about him.
Squaring his shoulders, he writes:

    "Let's go to bed," says Sleepy Head.

Gleefully he rubs his hands. Won't that cut TOM. Ah! Ha! I guess TOM
won't say much more about staring at the moon. Now for DICK, the old
stupid. What shall he say about him? The end of the pen diminishes
slowly but surely, and then he writes:

    "Tarry awhile," says Slow.

That will answer for DICK. Now let him give HARRY something scorching,
withering, and cutting--so that he'll never open his mouth again unless
it is to put something in it. Oh, that is it, he is always hungry--rub
him on that. He thinks intently. Determination shows in every line of
his face; the pen is almost gone only an inch remains, and then the Poet
masters his subject. He has got the last two lines.

    "Put on the pot," says Greedy Gut,
    "We'll sup before we go."

He throws down the stump of the pen and bounces up. His object in life
is accomplished; he is master of the situation, now, and holds the trump
card. See the quiet smile' and knowing look as he folds the paper up,
and thrusts it into his pocket. He is going down-stairs to read it to
the family. Now is the time for sweet revenge and for the overthrow of
those Philistines, his brothers. He descends slowly, like an avenging
angel, enters the room, and--gentle reader, imagine the rest.

       *       *       *       *       *

Masculine or Feminine?

It now seems that the new and terrible fagot-gun used in the French army
is to be spoken of in the feminine gender--_mitrailleuse_ instead of
_mitrailleur_, as hitherto spelt by correspondents. That a virago is
sometimes termed a "spit-fire" we all know, but that is hardly reason
enough to excuse the French for such a lapse of gallantry as calling a
thunderous and fatal implement of war by a soft feminine name. Let them
stick to _mitrailleur_. Yet we would not rashly throw the other word
away. _Mitrailleuse_ would be a capital acquisition to the English
language, and very handy for any man having a vixen of a wife, with no
nice pet name convenient with which to conciliate her.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Ridiculous Rub-a-dub.

A quiet gentleman who occupies lodgings immediately opposite one of the
city armories, writes to us asking whether the drum corps that practice
there two or three evenings in the week should not be supplied with
noiseless drums, as PUNCHINELLO has suggested regarding the street
organs. PUNCHINELLO thinks the suggestion a good one. He would like to
see the beating of drums after night-fall abolished altogether In fact,
it is the only kind of Dead Beat to which he would lend his countenance.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Clear Case.

Some wiseacre has been trying to demonstrate, through the public press,
that POE did not write "The Raven."

The man must be a Raven lunatic.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE BALLARD OF THE GOOD LITTLE BOY, AGED TEN, AND HIS BAD BROTHER.

An obituary notice of a boy, 10 years old, in _The Wilmington
Commercial_, contains the following statement: "In his dying moments he
charged his brother WILLIAM not to dance, or sing any more songs.
Funeral services preached by the Rev WM. R. TUBB."

    This pious Boy lay on his bed,
        A dying very fast;
    'Most every word this good Boy said,
        They thought 'twould be his last.

    The Reverend Mr. TUBB was there,
        A praying very slow;
    It was a solemn, sad affair;
        Twas plain the Boy must go.

    His brother WILLIAM:, he come o'er,
        To which this good Boy cried,
    "Oh, BILL, don't sing nor dance no more!"
        And following which he died.

    Now WILLIAM, he had learnt a song
        That pleased him very much:
    He didn't know that it was wrong
        To carol any such.

    He said he couldn't leave it go,
        Not if he was to die;
    And that same song, as all should know,
        Was called by him, "Shoo Fly."

    He was informed by Mr. TUBBS
        That he would fall down dead,
    Or else get killed by stones or clubs,
        With that thing in his head.

    But, such is life! Poor WILLIAM went
        And sung his Shoo Fly o'er:
    Not knowing that he would be sent
        Where Shoo Flies are no more,

    He was a singing, one wet day,
        And likewise dancing too,
    When lightning took his sole away--
        Let this warn me and you!

       *       *       *       *       *

HINTS FOR THE CENSUS.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: I have always been in favor of the Census, the system
is questionable, perhaps, though that depends on how you like it. I have
found that it answers very well where the parties are highly
intelligent-like myself, for example.

I drew up the following proclamation to read to the U.S. official in my
district:

_Q._ What is your name? _A_ SARSFIELD YOUNG. What is yours?

_Q._ What is your age? _A._ A., being asked how old he was, replied: If
I live as long again, and half as long again, and two years and a
half,--how old shall I be?

_Q._ Where is your residence? _A._ I live at home with the family, have
often thought that, amid pleasures and palaces, there is no place like
home, unless it be a boarding house with hot and cold water.

_Q._ What is your occupation? _A._ Taxpayer. This takes my whole time

_Q._ Where were you born? _A._ Having made no minute of it at the time,
it has passed out of my memory.

_Q._ What kind of a house do you live in? _A._ A mortgaged house,
painted flesh color, a front exposure, brick windows and a brass
lightning rod. A good deal of back yard, (and back rent,) to it.

_Q._ At what age did your grandfather die? _A._ If he died last night,
(I saw him yesterday at a horse race,) he was turning ninety-eight,
perhaps he got tipped over in the turn.

_Q._ Do you hold any official position: if so, what? _A._ Inspector of
fish,--every Friday.

_Q._ Are you insured? A. I am agent for half a dozen companies. So are
all my neighbors. My life is insured against fire for several thousands.

_Q._ Are you troubled with chilblains? _A._ Quitely. I soak my feet in
oil of vitriol.

_Q._ Were you in the war? _A._ I have the scar on my arm which I got in
the service. I was vaccinated severely, while clerk to a substitute
broker at Troy, N. Y.

_Q._ Are you a graduate of any College. _A._ Yes, of one. I forget which
one. I only remember that I was one of the most remarkable men they ever
turned out.

_Q._ Have you suffered from the potato rot? _A,_ Not myself. My uncle
had it bad. He found that whiskey and warm water was a very good thing.
I've made an independent discovery of the same fact, also.

_Q._ Are you in favor of Free Trade or Protection? _A_. I can only say
that, if elected, gentlemen, I shall endeavor to do my whole duty. I am.

_Q._ What do you think of deep plowing? _A._ In a scanty population, I
should say it has a bad effect. I can recommend it, however, in a sandy
soil, where school privileges are first-class.

_Q._ Does anything else occur to you which it is important for the
Government to know? _A._ Yes: a hay fever occurs to me regularly once a
year. I have no policy to enforce against the will of the people: Still
I would call the attention of the medicine-loving public to my friend
Dr. EZRA CUTLER'S "Noon-day Bitters." For ringing in the ears, loss of
memory, bankruptcy, teething, and general debility, they are without a
rival. No family should live more than five minutes walk from a bottle.
They gild the morning of youth, cherish manhood, and comfort old age,
with the name blown on the bottle in plain letters. Beware of
impositions--at all respectable druggists.

* * I believe in taking things easy, and I shall cheerfully assist the
Administration, when it calls at my door on Census business.

SARSFIELD YOUNG.

       *       *       *       *       *

Facilis Descensus

The daily papers frequently have articles respecting the "Hell Gate
Obstructions." We do not, however, remember having seen that subject
handled in the _Sun._ Perhaps it is that DANA and DYER, conscious of
their deserts, do not anticipate any obstructions in that quarter.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ARISTOCRACY IN THE KITCHEN.

_Lady_, (responsively.) "THAT FASHIONABLY DRESSED WOMAN WHO HAS JUST
PASSED, DEAR? OH, THAT'S MY COOK, TAKING HER SUNDAY WITH THE GROCER'S
YOUNG MAN. SHE NEVER ACKNOWLEDGES ME ON SUCH OCCASIONS."]

       *       *       *       *       *

WHAT SHALL WE CALL IT?

Having made up my mind to become a novelist, I naturally studied the
productions of my predecessors, and found out, I assure you, in a very
brief period of time, the little tricks of the trade. As I do not wish
to have the business flooded with neophytes, I refrain from informing
your readers how every man can become his own novel writer. One very
curious thing, however, which I discovered, I will here relate.

I was very much puzzled by the curious titles which novelists selected
for their books, and very much annoyed by my inability to discover where
they picked them up. I persevered, however, and discovered that they
found them in the daily papers. In fact, I shrewdly suspect that I have
discovered, in these veracious sheets, the very incidents which
suggested the names of a number of volumes. Let me place before you the
extracts, which I have culled from the papers.

_"Put Yourself in his Place."_--READE.

"Yesterday morning an unknown man was found hanging from the limbs of a
tree in JONES' Wood. He was quite dead when discovered."

_"Red as a Rose is She."_

"Bridget Flynn was arrested for vagrancy. When brought before the Court
she was quite drunk. She had evidently been a hard drinker for years, as
her face was of a brilliant carmine color."

_"Man and Wife."_ COLLINS.

"Married.--At Salt Lake City, on the 1st day of August, 1870, BRIGHAM
YOUNG, Esq., to Miss LETITIA BLACK, Mrs. SUSAN BROWN and Miss JENNIE
SMITH."

_"What will he do with it?"_ BULWER.

"It is stated by the police authorities, that the description of Mr.
NATHAN'S watch has been spread so widely, that the robber will be unable
to dispose of it to any jeweler or pawnbroker."

_"Our Mutual Friend"_--DICKENS.

"England is supplying both France and Prussia with horses."

_"John."_--Mrs. OLIPHANT.

"Mr. SAMPSON has sent to California for another cargo of Chinese
shoemakers."

_"Friends in Council."_--HELPS.

"Mr. Drew and Mr. Fisk were closeted together for more than an hour
yesterday."

_"A Tale of Two Cities."_--DICKENS.

"The census will show that our city has a population of at least
500,000."--_Chicago paper._

"St Louis has undoubtedly a population of 400,000."--_St. Louis paper._

"Chicago, 300,000; St. Louis, 190,000."--_Census returns._

_"Stern Necessity."_--F.W. ROBINSON.

"It is stated that a well-known yacht failed to win the prize in the
late race, because her rudder slipped out of her fastenings and was
lost."

       *       *       *       *       *

ITEMS FROM OUR RURAL REPORTERS.

A German farmer, living not one hundred miles from Cincinnati, is
raising trichinated pork for the supply of the French army.

The artist who drew the Newfoundland dog (out of the water,) at Newport,
R.I., has received a medal from the Royal Humane Society of England, on
condition that he will not Meddle with dogs any more.

Near Ashland, in Virginia, a spring has been discovered that runs
chicken soup. So great was the commotion in culinary arrangements, when
the discovery was made public, that "the dish ran after the spoon."

The curious crustacean known as the "fiddler crab" is unusually numerous
in the marshes of Long Island, this summer. It differs from impecunious
persons inasmuch as it is a burrowing, not a borrowing, creature. It
differs from ordinary fiddlers by two letters, in that it bores the
earth, but not the ear.

It is an established fact that persona who sleep on mattresses stuffed
with pigeon's feathers never die. Near Salem, Mass., there is now a
woman nearly two hundred years old, who has been bed-ridden and confined
to a pigeon-feather bed for one hundred and fifty years. One of her
descendants a shrewd man-has discovered that the pigeon feathers are
growing musty, and proposes to replace them with the plumage of geese.

There is a wild man at large in the woods of Sullivan County, N.Y. He
was once a fast man of New York City, and is so fast, still, that nobody
can catch him.

A gentleman residing in the vicinity of Glen Cove had a Newfoundland dog
that was very expert at catching lobsters. The faithful animal has been
missing for some time, but a clue to its fate was yesterday obtained by
its owner, who found the brass collar of the dog inside a large lobster
with which he was about to construct a salad.

An English nobleman has taken up his residence in the centre of the
Dismal Swamp, Va. Blighted affections are supposed to be the cause of
his trouble, as he always wears at the top buttonhole of his coat a
_chignon_ made of red hair.

       *       *       *       *       *

"That's what's the Matter."

Among the lectures announced for the coming season is Mrs. CECILIA
BURLEIGH'S "Woman's right to be a Woman." We quite agree with Mrs.
BURLEIGH'S remark. Woman _is_ right to be a woman, but the matter just
now is that woman wants to be a man.

       *       *       *       *       *

Couplet from a Shaker Song.


    O! Mr. President, you'll have to keep on pegging
    At this English Mission, which seems to go a-begging.
         Hi! yi! yi! etc.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   Extraordinary Bargains.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Respectfully call the attention of their Customers and    |
  |             Strangers to their attractive Stock              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       SUMMER AND FALL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DRESS SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      At popular prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Striped, Checked and Chine                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |             In great variety, $1 to $2 per yard;             |
  |                      value $1.50 to $3                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PLAIN FOULARD,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  $1.50, value $2 per yard.                   |
  |                   24 inch Black and White                    |
  |                 Striped $1.75; value $2.50.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       STRIPED SATINS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.25; value $2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Plain and Striped Japanese,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    75c. and $1 per yard.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Rich White and Colored Dress Satins,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Extra Quality.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A CHOICE LINE OF                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PLAIN GRAINS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |             for Evening and Street, $2.50 to $3;             |
  |                 value $3 to $3.50 per yard.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A FEW EXTRA RICH                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             SATIN BROCADE SILKS, AMERICAN SILKS,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Black and Colored, $2.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                  JOB LOT OF MEDIUM AND RICH                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       GREAT BARGAINS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A COMPLETE STOCK                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLACK SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      At popular prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                      PLAIN AND STRIPED                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      GAZE DE CHAMBREY,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Alexandre Best Kid Gloves, &c., &c.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Are offering several lots of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      HOUSEKEEPING GOODS                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MUCH BELOW                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     COST OF IMPORTATION.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             5-8 and 3-4 Single and Double DAMASK             |
  |              NAPKINS, from $1 to $3.50 per doz.              |
  |                                                              |
  |             DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, all sizes, from             |
  |                     $1.50 to $2.75 each.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Brown and Bleached TABLE DAMASK, all             |
  |               linen, from 40 to 75c. per yard.               |
  |                                                              |
  |             LINEN SHEETING, from 60 to 90c. per              |
  |                            yard.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |           PILLOW LINENS, from 30 to 70c. per yard            |
  |                                                              |
  |          LINEN SHEETS, for Single and Double Beds,           |
  |                     at $2.5O and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Fringed HUCKABACK TOWELS, $1                 |
  |                     per doz. and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |              Bleached HUCKABACK TOWELS, 12 1-2               |
  |                     per yard and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |           Excellent Kitchen Towelling. In 25 yard            |
  |                   pieces, $3.25 per piece.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |             Several Hundred pieces Linen Nursery             |
  |           Diapers, various widths, at $1 per piece           |
  |                    below Current prices.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MARSEILLES                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     QUILTS AND BLANKETS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        AT LOW PRICES.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |       Attention of House and Hotel Keepers is invited        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13x18.                                        |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

[Illustration: CROCODILE TEARS.]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES. All on the same premises, and under        |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                          prepared.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    COMBINATION EXCURSION                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Round Trip Tickets,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Valid during the entire season, and embracing        |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |     Nos. 241, 529 and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38     |
  |  Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue Harlem; 338  |
  |   Fulton St. Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St, New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long   |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |         PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers,"         |
  |               "Water-Lilies," "Chas. Dickens."               |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the     |
  |                            world.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of     |
  |                            stamp.                            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |     With a large and varied experience in the management     |
  | and publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted,  |
  |    and with the still more positive advantage of an Ample    |
  |           Capital to justify the undertaking, the            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          The first number of which was issued under          |
  |                       date of April 2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |      Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless      |
  |                 postage stamps are inclosed.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, per year, in advance                       $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies                                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  |         A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the         |
  |                    receipt of ten cents.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other      |
  |  magazine or paper, price, $2.50, for                 $5.50  |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for $7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                   P.O. Box 2783, NEW YORK.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  | The New Burlesque Serial, Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO  |
  |                     BY ORPHEUS C. KERR,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author written by his bosom friend,  |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found at the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from    |
  |                this office, free,) Ten Cents.                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Subscription for One Year, one copy, with $2 Chromo      |
  |                         Premium, $4.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |   We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any   |
  |  one who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the  |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |   PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, P.O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau   |
  |                        St., New York                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Geo. W. Wheat & Co. Printers, No. 8 Spruce Street.







End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 23,
September 3, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 23 ***

***** This file should be named 10017.txt or 10017.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10017/

Produced by Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use & Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 5,  April 30, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 5,  April 30, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 8, 2003 [EBook #10018]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 5 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT &CO.,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers,             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |               163,165,167, and 169 PEARL ST.,                |
  |                                                              |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New-York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |      ADVANTAGES--All on the same premises, and under the     |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    PUNCHINELLO'S MONTHLY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE FIVE NUMBERS FOR APRIL,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |          Will be ready May 2d. Price, Fifty Cents.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       SUPPLIED BY THE                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | These pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and cheaper |
  |    than any other Pen in the market. Special attention is    |
  |  called to the following grades, as being better suited for  |
  |       business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The       |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            We recommend for bank and office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     D. APPLETON &. CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               _Sole Agents for United States_               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: Vol. 1  No. 5]


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, APRIL 30, 1870.



PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW-YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | _CONANT'S PATENT BINDERS for "Punchinello," to preserve the  |
  |  paper for binding, will be sent, post-paid, on receipt of   |
  |  One Dollar, by "Punchinello Publishing Company," 83 Nassau  |
  |                   Street, New-York City._                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |  PRANG'S CHROMOS are celebrated for their close resemblance  |
  |  to Oil Paintings. Sold in All Stores throughout the World.  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S WEEKLY BULLETIN OF CHROMOS.--"Easter Morning"     |
  |      "Family Scene in Pompeii" "Whittier's Birthplace,"      |
  | Illustrated Catalogue sent, on receipt of stamp, by L. PRANG |
  |                        & CO., Boston.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        J. NICKINSON,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Room No. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 NASSAU STREET.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |           The Greatest Horse Book ever Published.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                        HIRAM WOODRUFF                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                            ON THE                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  TROTTING HORSE OF AMERICA!                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                _How to Train, and Drive Him_.                |
  |                                                              |
  |  With Reminiscences of the Trotting Turf. A handsome 12mo,   |
  |   with a splendid steel-plate portrait of Hiram Woodruff.    |
  |                  Price, extra cloth, $2.25.                  |
  |                                                              |
  | The New-York Tribune says: "_This is a Masterly Treatise by  |
  | the Master of his Profession_--the ripened product of forty  |
  | years' experience in Handling, Training, Riding, and Driving |
  | the Trotting Horse. There is no book like It in any language |
  |             on the subject of which it treats."              |
  |                                                              |
  |  BONNER says in the _Ledger_, "It is a book for which every  |
  |   man who owns a horse ought to subscribe. The information   |
  | which it contains is worth ten times its cost." For sale by  |
  | all booksellers, or single copies sent post-paid on receipt  |
  |                          of price.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               Agents wanted. J. B. FORD & CO.,               |
  |                                                              |
  |               Printing-House Square, New-York,               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   Thomas J. Rayner & Co;,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      29 LIBERTY STREET,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          New-York,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                     MANUFACTURERS OF THE                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          _Finest Cigars made in the United States_.          |
  |                                                              |
  | All sizes and styles. Prices very moderate. Samples sent to  |
  |         any responsible house. Also importers of the         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      _"FUSBOS" BRAND_,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Equal in quality to the best of the Havana market, and from  |
  |               ten to twenty per cent cheaper.                |
  |                                                              |
  | Restaurant, Bar, Hotel, and Saloon trade will save money by  |
  |                          calling at                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      29 LIBERTY STREET.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      Notice to Ladies.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           DIBBLEE,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Of 854 Broadway,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |    Has just received a large assortment of all the latest    |
  |                          styles of                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Chignons, Chatelaines, etc.,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FROM PARIS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |        Comprising the following beautiful varieties:         |
  |                                                              |
  |            La Coquette, La Plenitude, Le Bouquet,            |
  |                                                              |
  |               La Sirene, L'Imperatrice, etc.,                |
  |                                                              |
  |              At prices varying from $2 upward.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      No. 208 BROADWAY,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |           Presents to the public for approval, the           |
  |                                                              |
  |            NEW ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL            |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which will be Issued under date of April |
  |               2, 1870, and thereafter weekly.                |
  |                                                              |
  |  PUNCHINELLO will be _National_, and not _local_; and will   |
  |   endeavor to become a household word in all parts of the    |
  |            country; and to that end has secured a            |
  |                                                              |
  |                VALUABLE CORPS OF CONTRIBUTORS                |
  |                                                              |
  |   in various sections of the Union, while its columns will   |
  |    always be open to appropriate first-class literary and    |
  |                       artistic talent.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |  PUNCHINELLO will be entirely original; humorous and witty,  |
  | without vulgarity, and satirical without malice. It will be  |
  | printed on a superior tinted paper of sixteen pages, size 13 |
  |  by 9, and will be for sale by all respectable newsdealers   |
  | who have the judgment to know a good thing when they see it, |
  |             or by subscription from this office.             |
  |                                                              |
  |    The Artistic department will be in charge of Henry L.     |
  |  Stephens, whose celebrated cartoons in VANITY FAIR placed   |
  |    him in the front rank of humorous artists, assisted by    |
  |       leading artists in their respective specialties.       |
  |                                                              |
  | The management of the paper will be in the hands of WILLIAM  |
  | A. STEPHENS, with whom is associated CHARLES DAWSON SHANLY,  |
  |        both of whom were identified with VANITY FAIR.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  |   ideas sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the   |
  | day, are always acceptable, and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |     Rejected communications can not be returned, unless      |
  |                 postage-stamps are inclosed.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                            Terms:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |             One copy, per year, in advance $4.00             |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Single copies, ten cents.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |               or paper, price, $2.50, for 5.50               |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for 7.00   |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       P. O. Box, 2783.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |            _(For terms to Clubs, see 16th page.)_            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Mercantile Library,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Clinton Hall, Astor Place,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | This is now the largest circulating Library In America, the  |
  |  number of volumes on its shelves being 114,000. About 1000  |
  |  volumes are added each month; and very large purchases are  |
  |              made of all new and popular works.              |
  |                                                              |
  |  Books are delivered at members' residences for five cents   |
  |                        each delivery.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                     TERMS OF MEMBERSHIP:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          TO CLERKS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                $1 Initiation, $3 Annual Dues.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                    TO OTHERS, $5 a year.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             SUBSCRIPTIONS TAKEN FOR SIX MONTHS.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        BRANCH OFFICES                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                              AT                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                NO. 76 CEDAR STREET, NEW-YORK,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                            AND AT                            |
  |                                                              |
  |          Yonkers, Norwalk, Stamford, and Elizabeth.          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           AMERICAN                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BUTTONHOLE, OVERSEAMING,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     SEWING-MACHINE CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               572 and 574 Broadway, New-York.                |
  |                                                              |
  |   This great combination machine is the last and greatest    |
  |  improvement on all former machines, making, in addition to  |
  |  all the work done on best, Lock-Stitch machines, beautiful  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BUTTON AND EYELET HOLES:                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       in all fabrics.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                Machine, with finely finished                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 OILED WALNUT TABLE AND COVER                 |
  |                                                              |
  |  complete, $75. Same machine, without the buttonhole parts,  |
  | $60, This last is beyond all question the simplest, easiest  |
  |    to manage and to keep in order, of any machine in the     |
  |  market. Machines warranted, and full instruction given to   |
  |                         purchasers.                          |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         HENRY SPEAR                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     STATIONER, PRINTER,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                   BLANK BOOK MANUFACTURER.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ACCOUNT BOOKS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                        MADE TO ORDER.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                PRINTING OF EVERY DESCRIPTION.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                       82 Wall Street,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW-YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: THE WARNING OF THE BELLE

LOOK OUT FOR THE TRAIN]

       *       *       *       *       *

PATRIOTIC ADORATION.

A TALE OF PHILADELPHIA.

    People of the Quaker City,
      How the world must stand aghast
    At your wondrous veneration
      For those relics of the past,
    Kept in such precise condition,
      Fostered with such tender care--
    Don't, oh! don't the Philadelphians
    Love old Independence Square?

    Splendid are its walks and grass-plots
      Where the bootblacks base-ball play,
    And its seats resembling toad-stools,
      On which loafers lounge all day,
    Waiting for their luck, or gazing
      At the office of the Mayor--
    Don't, oh! don't the Philadelphians
      Love old Independence Square?

    Then, behold the fine old State-house
      Cleanly kept inside and out,
    Where the faithful office-holders
      Squirt tobacco-juice about:
    Placards highly ornamental
      Decorate its outward wall--
    Don't, oh! don't the Philadelphians
      Love old Independence Hall?

    O! ye gods and little fishes!
      Could bill-sticker be so vile
    As to paste up nasty posters
      On the sacred classic pile?
    Greece and Rome yet have their relics,
      But what are they? very small.
    Never half so venerated
      As old Independence Hall.

       *       *       *       *       *

PERIODICAL LITERATURE.

PUNCHINELLO has hitherto refrained from criticising the periodicals of
the day, from the mistaken idea that superlative excellence was not
expected in every number of every daily or weekly journal in the land.
He did not know that, if every such journal was not edited so as to suit
the comprehension of all classes of cursory critics, it should be
unqualifiedly condemned. Supposing that a painter should not condemn a
paper for publishing a musical article beyond his comprehension, and
that an architect ought not to get in a rage because he finds in his
favorite journal a paper on beavers which makes him feel insignificant,
PUNCHINELLO has generally looked around upon his fellow-journalists, and
thought them very good fellows, who generally published very good
papers. He did not find superlative excellence in any of their issues,
but then he did not look for it. He might as well pretend to look for
that in the journalists themselves, or in society at large. But he has
lately learned, from the critics of the period, that he ought to look
for it, and that it is the proper thing nowadays to pitch into every
journal which does not, in every part, please every body, whether they
be smart or dull; those quick of appreciation, or those slow gentlemen
who always come in with their congratulations upon the birth of a joke
at the time its funeral is taking place. And so, PUNCHINELLO will do as
others do, and will occasionally view, from the loop-hole in his
curtain, the successes and failures of his neighbors, and will give his
patrons the benefit of his observations.

The first thing he notices to-day is, that the _Evening Snail_ of last
night is not so good as it was a fortnight ago; or, let us think a
bit--it may have been a good number at the beginning of last month that
he was thinking of; at all events, this last issue is inferior. The
matter on the first page is not printed in nearly as good type as the
original periodicals had it, and while the letters in the heading are
quite fair, it is very noticeable that the I's are very defective, and
there is no C in it. The "Gleanings" are excellent, and it would be
advisable to have more of them--if indeed such a thing were possible in
this case. The spider-work inside shows no acquaintance with the
writings of BACH or GLIDDON, and there is nothing about the Spectrum
Analysis in any part of the paper. Besides, the paper is too stiff and
rattles too much, and PUNCHINELLO could never abide the color of the
editor's pantaloons. Why will not people dress and write so that every
body can admire and understand them. Especially in regard to witty
things and breastpins They ought to be loud, overpowering, and so
glaring that people could not help seeing them. And they ought to be a
little cheap, too, or average people won't comprehend them. In both
cases paste (and scissors) pays better than diamonds. The reports of
private parties in the _Snail_ are, however, very good, and if it would
confine its original matter to such subjects, it could not fail to
succeed.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Query for Physicians.

Are people's tastes apt to become Vichy-ated by the excessive use of
certain mineral waters?

       *       *       *       *       *

"Behold, how Pleasant a Thing 't is," etc.

Boston has a couple of clergymen who have fallen out upon matters not
precisely theological. In the summer, the Rev. Mr. MURRAY leaves his
sheep, to shoot deer by torchlight in the Adirondacks. This the Rev. Mr.
ALGER, in addressing the Suppression of Cruelty to Animals Society,
denounces as extremely wicked. From all which Mr. PUNCHINELLO, taking up
his discourse, infers,

_First_. That it is a great deal more wicked to shoot deer by torchlight
than by daylight.

_Secondly_. That the Rev. MURRAY and the Rev. ALGER are of different
religious persuasions.

_Thirdly and lastly_. That the Rev. Mr. ALGER doesn't love venison.

P. S.  Persons desiring to present Mr. PUNCHINELLO with a fine haunch,
(in the season,) may shoot it by daylight, moonlight, torchlight, or by
a Drummond light, as most convenient.

       *       *       *       *       *

We are indebted to Mr. SARONY for a number of brilliant photographs of
celebrities of the day. Lovely woman is well represented the batch, with
all the characters of which PUNCHINELLO hopes to present his readers,
from time to time.

       *       *       *       *       *

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New-York.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ALL ABOARD FOR HOLLAND!]

PUNCHINELLO understands that a performance is soon to take place at the
Academy of Music, for the benefit of GEORGE HOLLAND, the well-known and
ever-green "veteran" of "the stage." It pleases PUNCHINELLO to know that
a combination of talent and beauty is to be brought together for so
worthy a purpose. Seventy-four years ago, when GEORGE HOLLAND was a
small child, PUNCHINELLO used to dandle him upon his knee. Hardly four
years have passed since PUNCHINELLO was convulsed by the _Tony Lumpkin_
of HOLLAND. He distinctly remembers, too, administering hot whiskey
punch to little boy HOLLAND with a tea-spoon, which may in some measure
account for the Spirit subsequently infused by the capital comedian into
the numerous bits of character presented by him. Considering these
facts, it is manifestly an incumbent duty on the part of PUNCHINELLO to
request the earnest attention of his readers to the subject of GEORGE
HOLLAND'S benefit, all particulars concerning which will be given due
time through the public press. It used to be said, long ago, that "the
Dutch have taken Holland," Well, let our own modern Knickerbockers
improve upon that notion, by taking HOLLAND'S tickets. Remember how,
in the early settlement of the country, it was Holland that made
New-York, and see that New-York now returns the compliment, and makes
HOLLAND. Convivial songsters frequently remind us that--

    --"a Hollander's draught should potent be,
    And deep as the rolling Zuyder Zee."

Mind this, all ye Hollanders who would give your support to our HOLLAND.
Let your drafts be potent, your cheeks heavy, your attendance punctual.
Make the affair complete; so that when, here-after, a comparison is
sought for something that has been a sued people will say of it--"As big
as that Bumper of HOLLAND'S."

       *       *       *       *       *

ASTRONOMICAL CONVERSATIONS.

(BY A FATHER AND DAUGHTER RESIDING ON THE PLANET VENUS.)

No. I.

FATHER (_to_ DAUGHTER, _who is looking through a telescope_.) Yes HELENE,
that is the Planet Tellus, or Earth. The darker streaks are land; the
bright spots, water. We begin with a low power, which shows only the
masses; presently you will have the pleasure of discriminating not only
rivers and chains of mountains, but cities--single houses--even Human
Beings! Yes, you shall this very night read page of PUNCHINELLO, a paper
so bright that every word appears surrounded by a halo!

DAUGHTER. O father! do that _now_. How delightful, to actually read the
works of these singular creature's, and become familiar with their
extraordinary ideas! Were the scintillations you spoke of the other
night, that were seen all over the Western Continent, the result of the
flashing of these radiant pages?

F. Undoubtedly, my child; they began with the first issue of the paper,
and have since regularly increased in brightness, just as It has.

D. It really seems as though Earth would answer for a Moon, by and by, at
this rate!

F. You are quite right, HELENE; it will. Or say, rather, a Sun. For you
will observe that it is a _warm_ light; not cool, as reflected light
always is. It is Original.

D. Well, this shows that PUNCHINELLO must have some Heart, as well as
Head. Come, put on your highest power now, and let us seem to pay good
old Tellus a visit!

[_The indulgent Father complies, and, is at some pains to adjust the
focus_.]

F. Now, dear! take a good look.

D. (_Looking intently_.) Oh! how splendid--how splendid! _Do_ see the
beautiful things in those Shop Windows! It must be the Spring Season
there! _Do_ see those lovely lumps on the backs of those creatures'
heads! What place is it, Father?

F. That? It's New-York; and the street is the famous Broadway.

D. O dear! how I _would_ like to go shopping there, this minute!--for I
see it is afternoon in that quarter. Is there no way of getting
there?(!!!)

F. (_Laughing heartily_.) Well, well, HELENE! That's pretty good, for
the daughter of an astronomer! Do you know that at this precise moment
you are Forty-five Million, Six Hundred and Fifty-four Thousand, Four
Hundred and Ninety-one Miles and a half from those Muslins! I'll tell
you, Sis, what _could_ be done: Drop a line to the Editor of
PUNCHINELLO, and tell him what you want. He'll get it, some way.

D. That I will, instantly! [_Turns to her portfolio, while her father
turns to the telescope_.]

"DEAR MR. EDITOR: Pardon the seeming _boldness_ of a _stranger:_ you are
no _stranger to me!_ Long, _long_ have I deceived that _good man_, my
father, by _pretending_ to know _nothing_ of the Earth, or of his
_instrument!_ Many and _many_ a night, _unknown to him_, have I gone to
the _Telescope_, to satisfy the _restless craving_ I feel to know more
of _your Planet_, and of a _person of your sex_ whom I have _often_
beheld, and watched with _eagerness_ as he came and went. How
_thrilling_ the thought, that he cannot even _know of my existence_, and
that we are _forever separated!_ This, good and _dear_ Editor, is my one
Thought, my one great Agony.

"It has occurred to me that, in this _dreadful_ situation--my Passion
being sufficiently Hopeless, as any one may see--you might at least
afford me some slight _alleviation_, by undertaking to let Him know of
the _interest_ he excites in this far-off star! Let me describe my
charmer, so that you will be able to identify him. He is of fair size,
with a rolling gait and a smiling countenance, has light hair and
complexion, wears often a White Hat, (on the back of his head--where
Thoughtful men always place the hat, I've been told by observers,) and
now and then carelessly leaves one leg of his trowsers at the top of his
boot. I have often seen him, with a bundle of papers in his pocket,
entering a large building with the words "_Tribune_ Office" over the
door--and I _adore_ him! O excellent Editor! tell him this, I _implore_
you! Be kind to your distant and _love-lorn_ friend,

HELENE."

F. What did you say, Helene?

D. I was saying that I wished to look a little longer at the fashions in
Broadway.

F. Well, well--I believe the Fashions are all that these women think of!
There--look away! I presume they have changed considerably since you
looked before! When do you wish to begin your lessons in Astronomy?

D. Next week. Father; let me see: we will say, next week--Thursday.

F. Very well; I shall remind you.

D. (_who is determined to have the last word, any way_.) Very well.

       *       *       *       *       *

Beach's Soliloquy on entering his Pneumatic Chamber.

"TU-BE or not tu-be."

       *       *       *       *       *

Reflection by a Tallow-chandler.

Though a man be the Mould of fashion, yet he cannot light himself to bed
by the Dip in his back.

       *       *       *       *       *

PLAYS AND SHOWS.

[Illustration: 'M']

_MEN AND ACRES,_ the new comedy at WALLACK'S, is one of the best of
TAYLOR'S pieces, and a decided improvement upon the carpenter work of
BOUCICAULT. It has been rechristened by Mr. WALLACK, and its former
name--_Old Men and New Acres, or New Aches and Old Manors,_ or something
else of that sort--has been conveniently shortened. If it does not
convince us that the author has improved since he first began to write
plays, it certainly reminds us that there is such a thing as _Progress_.
In the latter play, Mr. J.W. WALLACK was a civil engineer. In the
present drama, he is an uncivil tradesman. Both appeal to the levelling
tendencies of the age; and in each, the author has done his "level
best"--as Mr. GRANT WHITE would say--to flatter the Family Circle at the
expense of the Boxes.

The cast includes a Vague Baronet and his Managing Wife, their Slangy
Daughter, their Unpleasant Neighbor and his wife and daughter, an
Unintelligible Dutchman, an Innocuous Youth, a Disagreeable Lawyer, and
the Merchant Prince. This is the sort of way in which they conduct
themselves,

_Act_ 1. _Disagreeable Lawyer to Vague Baronet:_ "You are ruined, and
your estate is mortgaged to a Merchant Prince. What do you intend to
do?"

_Vague Baronet._ "I will ask my wife what I think about it."

_Enter Managing Wife._ "Ruined, are we? Allow me to remark,
Fiddlesticks! Get the Merchant to take our third-story hall-bedroom for
a week, and I'll soon clear off the mortgage."

_Enter Slangy Daughter._ "O ma! there was such a precious guy at the
ball last night, and I had no end of a lark with him. Good gracious!
here comes the duffer himself."

_Enter Merchant Prince. (Aside.)_ "So here's the Vague Baronet and his
wife. And there's the slangy girl I fell in love with. Nice lot they
are!" (_To Managing Wife._) "Madam, there is nothing, so grand as the
majesty of trade. Your rank and blood are all gammon. We Merchant
Princes are the only people fit to live. However, I'll condescend to
speak to you."

_Managing Wife. (Aside.)_ "How noble! What a gentlemanly person he
really is!" _(To Merchant Prince.)_ "Sir, I bid you welcome. Here is my
daughter, who was just praising your beauty and accomplishments. I leave
you to entertain her." (_Exeunt Baronet, Wife, and Lawyer_.)

_Merchant Prince (placing his chair next to Slangy Daughter's, and
leaning his elbow on her.)_ "There is nothing like trade. We tradesmen
alone are great. We despise the whole lot of clean and idle aristocrats.
I keep a Gin Palace in Liverpool. Does your bloated aristocracy do half
as much for suffering humanity?"

_Slangy Daughter._ "Speak on, speak ever thus, O Noble Being! It's
awfully jolly!"

_Curtain falls, and Baker wakes up to lead his orchestra through the
mazes of "Shoo Fly."_


_Appreciative Lady._ "Isn't it nice? Miss HENRIQUES'S dress is perfectly
beautiful, and it sounds so cunning to hear her talk slang."

_Second Appreciative Lady._ "How handsome ROCKWELL looks! Just like a
real baronet, my dear!"

_Other Appreciative Ladies._ "The dresses at WALLACK'S are always
perfectly exquisite. I mean to have my next dress made with a green silk
fichu, a moire antique bertha, and little point lace peplums and
gussets, just like Miss MESTAYER'S. Won't it be sweet?"

_All the Counter-Jumpers in the Theatre._ "JIM WALLACK'S the boy! Don't
he talk up to those aristocratic snobs, though?"


_Act 2. Enter Unpleasant Neighbor and Unintelligible German. The former
says,_ "You're sure there's an iron mine on the Baronet's land?"

_Unintelligible German._ "Ya! Das ist um-um-um."

_Enter Merchant Prince and Slangy Daughter. Exeunt the other fellows._

_Merchant Prince._ "There is nothing like the grandeur of trade; and yet
we tradesmen are not proud. See! I offer to marry you."

_Slangy daughter._ "I love you wildly! _(Aside.)_ I do hope he won't
rumple my hair."

_Merchant Prince._ "Come to my arrums! The majesty of trade is so
infinitely above any thing else"--_and so forth._

_Enter Managing Wife._ "Take her, noble Merchant, and be happy
_(Aside.)_ This settles the affair of the mortgage." _(To Daughter)_
"Come, darling, we'll go and tell your father." _(They go.)_

_Enter Unpleasant Neighbor._ "Here's a telegram for you. No bad news, I
hope?"

_Merchant Prince._ "I am ruined unless you lend me L40,000. Do it, and I
will assign to you the mortgage on the baronet's property. The majesty
of trade is something which"--

_Unpleasant Neighbor._ "Here it is." _(Aside.)_ "Now I'll get possession
of the estate and the iron-mine."

_Enter Managing Wife._ "Ruined, are you? Of course you can't have my
daughter now."

_Merchant Prince._ "I resign her. We tradesmen are infinitely greater
than you aristocrats."

_Curtain falls, Baker wakes up. "Shoo Fly" by the Orchestra, and remarks
on dress by the ladies as before. Counter-jumpers go out to drink to the
majesty of trade, having grown perceptibly taller since the play began._


_Act 3. Unprincipled Neighbor to Unintelligible Dutchman._ "Have you got
the analysis of the iron ore?"

_Unintelligible Dutchman._ "Ya! Das its um-um-um."

_Unprincipled Neighbor._ "All right! Now I'll foreclose the mortgage,
and will be richer than ever."

_Enter Vague Baronet, and Wife and Daughter, and Lawyer. To them
collectively remarks the Unprincipled Neighbor,_ "The mortgage is due.
As you can't pay, you've got to move out."

_Disagreeable Lawyer._ "Not much! Here's an analysis of iron ore found
on our land. We raised money on the mine, and are ready to pay off the
mortgage."

_Enter Merchant Prince._ "Here's an analysis of the iron ore. I told
them all about it. We tradesmen are great, but we will sometimes help
even a wretched aristocrat."

_Slangy Daughter._ "Here's an analysis of the iron ore. Now I will marry
my noble Merchant, and make him rich again; for there's dead loads of
iron on the Governor's land, you bet!"

_They all produce analyses of the ore, and the play itself being o'er,
the curtain falls._


_Exasperated critic, who has sent for twelve seats, and has been
politely refused._ "I'd like to abuse it, if there was a chance; but
there isn't. The play is really good, and I can't find much fault with
the acting. However, I'll pitch into STODDARD for swearing, which his
'Unprincipled Neighbor' does to an unnecessary extent, and I'll say that
JIM WALLACK is too old and gouty to play the 'Merchant Prince,' and
doesn't quite forget that he used to play in the Bowery."

_Every body else._ "Did you ever see a play better acted? And did you
ever see actresses better dressed?"

And PUNCHINELLO is constrained to answer the latter question with an
emphatic No! As to the acting, it might be improved were Mr. STODDARD to
play the character for which he is cast, instead of insisting upon
playing nothing but STODDARD. But to all the rest of the actors, not
forgetting Mr. RINGGOLD, who plays the insignificant part of the
"Innocuous Youth," PUNCHINELLO is pleased to accord his gracious
approval.

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Balmy Idea.

According to Miss ANTHONY, the crying evil with women is that they will
blubber; but it must be remembered that out of this blubber they make
oil to pour into our conjugal wounds.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Suit for Damages.

Any clothes in a storm.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE POLITICAL MILL-ENNIUM.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HINTS UPON HIGH ART.

Observant visitors to the National Academy of Design will allow that a
tendency to greatness is beginning to develop itself in certain
directions among our artists. In landscape some of them are almost
immense. The works of PORPHYRO warm the walls with rays of splendor, or
cool the lampooned sight-line with pearly gradations, as the case may
be. MANDRAKE renders feelingly the summer uplands and groves, and
SILVERBARK the melancholy autumnal woods. BYTHESEA infuses with
sentiment even the blue wreaths of smoke that curl up from the distant
ridge against which loom the concentrated lovers that he selects for his
idyllic romances. Gushingly he does his work, but thoroughly; and there
are other flowers than lackadaisies to be discerned in his herbage.
GUSTIBUS blows gently the foliage aside, and gives us glimpses through
it of rural contentment in connection with a mill, or some other
interesting object beyond. The pencil of SAGEGREEN imbues canvases, both
large and small, with infinite variety and force; and it is to
SKETCHMORE that the great lakes owe their remarkable reputation as
pieces of water with poems growing out of their broad lily-pads. Very
tender are the pastoral banks and brooksides of LEAFHOPPER. ELFINLOCKS
takes up his pencil, and lo! a hazy, mazy, lazy, dreamy vista where it
has touched. But hold! Our critical Incubus has taken the bit between
her teeth, and is beginning to run away with us. Stop that; and let our
readers enumerate the other first American landscape painters for
themselves.

Not so strong are our artists in domestic incidents and compositions of
life and character. We have STUNNINGTON, to be sure, whose traits of
American expression, whether white or colored, are most true to the
life; and there's BARLEYMOW, who will twist you an eclogue from the tail
of his foreground pig. Others there be; but space has its limits, and we
forbear.

As for our portrait limners, their name is Legion, and that
comprehensive name must go for all. Like BENVENUTO CELLINI they shall be
known for their jugs; and their transmission to posterity on the heads
of families is a thing to be reckoned on as sure.

For the higher flights of art the American painter is by no manner of
means endowed with the wings of his native eagle--wings that agitate the
cerulean vault, spattering it with splashes of creamy cloud-spray, and
churning into butter the stretches of the Milky Way. History has indeed
been illustrated by American art, but has it been enriched? The
WASHINGTONS and the WEBSTERS, the CLAYS and the LINCOLNS, have had their
memories dreadfully lampooned on canvas. Allegory does not inspire the
great American pencil. Tall art there is, and enough of it "at that;"
but of high art we have none to speak of, except the canvases that are
placed over doorways in the galleries of the Academy, and, in the sense
of elevation, may consequently be spoken of as high. All this is wrong.
Alas! that we should write it. Would that we could right it! And to
think of the musty subjects that our historical and allegorical men
select. Ho! young men--away with your CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS; relegate
your METAMORA to his proper limbo; let WASHINGTON alone; and LINCOLN;
and OSCEOLA the Savage; and POCAHONTAS, and all the rest. Leave them
alone; and, taking fresh subjects, dip your brushes in brains, as old
OPIE or somebody else said, and go to work with a will. No fresh
subjects to be had, you say? Bosh! absurd interlocutor that you are.
Here's a bundle of 'em ready cut to hand. We charge you no money for
them, and you may take your choice.

SUBJECTS FOR WORKS OF HIGH ART.

PROVIDENCE tempering the wind to the shorn lamb.

ABSENCE OF MIND marking a box of paper shirt-collars with indelible ink.

MILTON "going it blind."

The late Mr. WILLIAM COBBETT teaching his sons to shave with cold water.

ST. PATRICK emptying the snakes out of his boots.

TRUE LOVE never running smooth.

NO MAN acting _Hero_ to his _valet de chambre_.

ROBERT BONNER taking DEXTER by the forelock with one hand, and TIME with
the other.

Subjects like these might be worked out to advantage. The field in which
they are to be found is almost unlimited; and they possess abundantly
the two grand essentials to success in art at the present time, as well
as in literature--novelty and sensation.

       *       *       *       *       *

H.G. and Terpsichore.

AMONG the strange revelations about _Tribune_ people elicited during the
MCFARLAND trial, was the bit of gossip about Mr. GREELEY going to
Saratoga to "trip the light fantastic toe." That Mr. GREELEY'S toe is
"fantastic," every body who has ever inspected his "Congress gaiters"
must know, but as to its lightness we have our doubts. "What I know
about dancing" would be a capital subject for H.G. to handle, and we
hope that he will take Steps for doing it.

       *       *       *       *       *

Sweeny's New Charter.

      How doth the busy Peter B.,
       Improve each shining hour!
      From nettled young Democracy,
       He plucks the safety-flower.

       *       *       *       *       *

From Rome.

The POPE is said to be "out of Spirits." Why doesn't he come to
New-York, where he can get plenty of the article, either in the sense of
the Tap or in that of the Rap?

       *       *       *       *       *

"He who was Born to be Hanged," etc.

On one of the mornings of the MCFARLAND trial, a very importunate person
attempted to force his way into the court-room, which, as he was told,
was already crowded "to suffocation." To this he retorted that he
"wasn't born to be suffocated." That's in substance what the late JACK
REYNOLDS said, and _he_ was mistaken.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Difference.

Rice riots are reported as raging in all the ports of Japan. Rye was the
principal mover in the famous conscription riots of New-York.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Celestial Idea.

No wonder the Chinese theatre in San Francisco is a success, considering
how skilful the actors must be in catching the Cue.

       *       *       *       *       *

JUMBLES.

Did you ever hear of my friend BOOTSBY? "No." That's rather queer. I
see--you've been out of town. BOOTSBY is a man of standing--of decided
standing, I may say. He stands, in fact, a great deal. The heavy
standing round he does is enormous when the limited capacity of a single
mortal is taken in view. BOOTSBY stands round among every class of
people, and especially of politicians and potationers. He stands round
to talk, to hear, and especially to drink. The power of the man in this
last matter is wonderful, and the puzzle is, that his standing (and
perpendicularity) is not perceptibly affected. Of course there are times
when BOOTSBY'S standing is not so good. In so slippery a place as Wall
Street, it is found to be less certain; while in a crowd on Broadway,
waiting for a bus, it cannot be said to maintain a very remarkable
firmness. But as a whole, and as the world goes, BOOTSBY is a man of
standing. In the altitude of six feet ten, he may be called a man of
high standing. He feels proud of the fact. "Is it not better to be a
mountain than a mole?" he often asks in a proudly sneering manner of his
neighbor PUGGS, who is about as far up in the world as the top of a
yard-stick. It is very true that size is not quality, and a seven-footer
may be no better than a three-footer; but it is observed that a Short
Man is rarely any thing else. His stature is his measure throughout. My
own impression of myself is, that I don't care to be short; but if the
alternative were forced upon me, I should choose that of person rather
than of purse. BOOTSBY does not care much about money, and he carries
very little. Some people are like BOOTSBY, but most people are not. The
ladies, it is true, never, or rarely, want money. Like newspapers and
club-houses, they are self-supporting. In fact they surround themselves
with supporters which stay tightly. Mrs. TODD is peculiar in her wants
pecuniary. She, good soul, never wants (or keeps) money long, but she
doesn't want it _little_. She prefers it like onions, in a large bunch,
and strong. The reason why most women do not want money is because they
have no use for it. They never dress; they never wear jewelry; silks and
satins have no charms in their eyes; laces, ribbons, shawls never tempt.
To exist and walk upright in simpleness and quiet is the sum of their
desires. Dear creatures! how is it that they never want?

My neighbor, Mr. DROWSE, desires to know where you get all your funny
things for PUNCHINELLO? He knows they are there, does Mr. DROWSE; for he
gets my copy of the penny postman, and he keeps it, too. It is the only
good taste my neighbor has displayed of late years. I tell Mr. DROWSE
that you make your fun. He further asks, Where? I tell him in the
attic--up there where they keep the salt. He desires to know the size of
attic. Of course he has never seen your noble, capacious, alabaster
forehead, else he would perceive the source of those scintillations of
light and warmth which radiate throughout the universe every Saturday
for only ten cents. He is curious also to know about the salt, and
doesn't comprehend how or where you use it. He used to use it when a boy
in catching birds by putting the briny compound on the tails of the
same, and _that_ he used to call "fun alive;" but he don't see it--the
salt--about PUNCHINELLO. I suspect Mr. DROWSE doesn't see the sellers,
(certainly he avoids them when PUNCHINELLO is offered, much to my
mortification, and one dime to my cost,) and so is not likely to discern
the source of the fun. I merely informed Mr. DROWSE that the editor was
very tall, very handsome, with very black skin and rosy hair, (at which
he opened his eyes with astonishment, and asked if I meant so; at which
I said, "Yes, I guess so,") and that he laughed out of his nose, eyes,
head, and hands, as well as his mouth. DROWSE wants to see the editor
very much. He has seen men with black skins and hearts, (for he used to
know lots of politicians;) but wants to put his vision on some "rosy
hair"--and when he does, no doubt his gaze will be fixed. It is healthy
sometimes to have the gaze fixed; and often, like sauce-pans and
sermons, it has to be fixed. When Mr. DROWSE calls at 83, please show
him in Parlor 6 with the Brussels, fresco-work, and lace curtains.

April is a model month. So serene, steady, clear, and balmy. Nothing
but blue sky, gentle zephyrs, kissing breezes, genial suns by day and
sparkling stars by night. PUNCHINELLO no doubt likes sparkling
stars--stars of magnitude--stars that show what they are. PUNCHINELLO
perhaps goes to NIBLO'S, and not only sees plenty stars, but plenty of
them. But of April. It is called "fickle;" but that's a slander. "Every
thing by turns and nothing long"--that is a libel on which a suit could
be hung. The same vile falsehood is cruelly uttered of some women, when
every body knows, or should know, that these same women are nothing of
the sort. Who ever knew a fickle woman?

Where in history is there record of such an Impossibility? Fickle--that
implies a change of mind. What woman ever changed her mind any more than
her hands? Nonsense, avaunt!--banished be slander! April is _not_
fickle--woman is _not_ fickle. As one is evenly beautiful, divinely
serene, bewitchingly winning, so is the other sunny, cerulean, balmy,
paradisiacal. April for ever--after that the rest of the calendar.

Does PUNCHINELLO believe in the Woman Movement? TODD does. He believes
woman should move as much as man; and he regards her movement in such
numbers to the great West as full of hope (and husbands) for the sex.
Mrs. TODD has not as yet been irresistibly seized by the movement; but
if TIMOTHY knows himself, he longs for the day when the seizer may come.
Although TODD--who is the writer of this epistle--says it, who perhaps
shouldn't, lest the shaft of egotism be hurled mercilessly at him, he
does unhesitatingly say that to aid this movement he would make the
greatest of sacrifices. He is willing to sacrifice his wife and other
female relations upon the sacred altar of the movement, and contribute
liberally to the expense thereof. He is quite willing they should
vote--early and often, if need be; but he wishes to see the movement go
westward like the Star of Empire--westward _via_ cheerful Chicago. TODD
trusts PUNCHINELLO will espouse this movement; for if it does, it--the
movement, no less than PUNCHINELLO--will go straight onward and upward;
but not by the route known as the Spout.

Mucilage is a good thing. It is now extensively used in Church, State,
and Society. We use it largely at the Veneerfront Avenue Church, of
which Rev. Dr. ALEXANDER PLASTERWELL is pastor. Of course, Mr.
PUNCHINELLO, you know that distinguished church, and have no doubt often
listened to the distinguished Dr. PLASTERWELL. He is a kind man, has a
high forehead, a Roman (Burgundy) nose, and a sweet, soft head--I should
say heart. He has--great and good man--the largest faith in mucilage. He
often makes it a text, and he sticks to it, he does--does Dr.
PLASTERWELL. Nothing like mucilage, PUNCHINELLO. It is the hope of the
human race, and the salvation of woman. It is the Philosopher's Stone in
solution; the essence and link which connects and cements all that is
great, good, and lovely, in the past, present, and future. At least,
such is the humble opinion of

TIMOTHY TODD.

       *       *       *       *       *

HINTS TO CAR CONDUCTORS.

When standing in Printing House Square, your destination being Grand
Street Perry or Bleecker Street, if a stranger asks whether you are
going to Harlem, nod, as it is considered improper to answer in the
negative. If he finds out the mistake, you can plead deafness.

When called upon to stop, never attempt to comply. There are several
reasons why you should not. In the first place, if you did stop, it
would show that you have no will of your own, and since the passage of
the Fifteenth Amendment, _all_ men are equal in this country.

You may stop about two blocks from the place named, just to please
yourself and prove your independence; but take particular care to start
the car when the passenger is half off the steps. If there is a young
surgeon in the neighborhood, you can enter into an arrangement to break
arms and legs in this way with impunity, have the maimed "carried into
the surgery," and share the fees with the operator. Occasional cases of
manslaughter may take place; but don't mind that, as coroners' juries in
New-York will return verdicts of "death from natural causes." Besides
this, remember that you have a vote, and that both coroners and judges
are dependent upon the people. When a lame old gentleman hails you,
beckon him furiously to come on, but be sure, at the same time, to urge
the driver to greater speed.

It is no part of your business to have change, so never give any, but
drive on: people should provide for and look after their own business
and that is none of yours.

Always drive through the centre of a target company or funeral
procession, never minding whether you kill one or more, and then abuse
the captain or the undertaker for his stupidity.

By the adoption of these essential rules, and by adding a good deal of
incivility, you will soon reach the top of the wheel of your profession
and in due time have a testimonial presented to you by an admiring and
grateful public.

       *       *       *       *       *

Out in the Cold.

Commissioner Tweed proposes a new outside Bureau of the Department of
Public Works, for late-Commissioner MCLEAN. He is to be Superintendent
of Refrigerators.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE LANDING OF THE PILGRIMS.

ENGRAVED BY SPECIAL PERMISSION FOR PUNCHINELLO, FROM THE ORIGINAL
PAINTING, BY MILES STANDISH, IN THE COLLECTION OF METHUSELAH PILGRIM,
ESQ., OF PILGRIMSVILLE, MASS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

TO CAPTAIN HALL.

(IN ANTICIPATION OF HIS TRIP TO THE POLE.)

            HALL! HALL!
            D'ye hear our call?
          Or, do you fancy it to be
          A weather sign--merely the pre-
            Monition of a squall
              At sea!
                HALL!

          You pay no heed at all.
        Nevertheless, O hardy mariner!
      (A Snow-Bird brings this with our kindest love,)
        We're sorry you prefer
      Those frigid walks (ever so far above
        The 80th parallel, we guess!)
      To stocks, and tariffs, and domestic bliss;
            Yes, yes,
      Captain, we're sorry it has come to this!

        Why do you madly thirst
      For grog that's chopped up with a hatchet? say!
        And tell us of the first
      Strange thought which spurred you to go up that way!
        Was it the hope that on some icy coast
        (Frozen, yourself, almost!)
        You'd have the luck to meet poor FRANKLIN'S ghost?

        And has it seemed, sometimes,
      That drowning might be pleasanter up there
        Among the icebergs, native to those climes,
            Than where
        The surf breaks gently on some coral-reef,
      And sirens sweetly soothe one's slow despair?
        Say, was that your belief?

        And who is BENT?[*]
        Why was _he_ sent,
      With his Warm Currents wheeling round the Pole?
        A long, long race must his disciples run:
              No sun,
              No fun,
        No chance to toss a word to any one;
          And what a goal?

        As hopefully you munch
      The flinty biscuit, watching whale or seal,
        Or listening, undaunted, to the crunch
      Of ice-floes at the keel,
        Say, Sir Intrepid! shall you really think
      You pioneer the navies of the world?
        Not while the chink
      Of well-housed dollars sounds so pleasantly,
      And safer tracks map out the treacherous sea!
        If that's your dream, oh! let your sails be furled.

              But, no!
      It is not this! Your spirit, high and bold,
        Scorning all tamer joys, will have it so!
              No cold
        Can chill its ardor! Such a soul would sate
      Its deathless craving in some lofty flight,
        Some deed sublime, and read its shining fate
      By the Aurora's light!
        For fruitful fellowship, it seeks the wild,
      The frozen waste,
        Where the world's venturous heroes--reconciled
      To sunless, shuddering gloom--
        To joyless solitude--with ardor taste
      Their dread delights! and so at last find room,
      'Mid nodding icebergs, for their watery tomb!

        For this, we spare you,
      O dauntless HALL! Once having breathed that air
        So pure, so fresh, so rare!
      And caught the wildness of the Esquimaux,
        We declare you
      Unfit to live where beans and lettuce grow!
        Leave delving to the little pitiful mole,
        Great soul!
        And now, then, for the Pole!

[Footnote *: Captain BENT, of Cincinnati, originator of the new theory
of Polar Currents.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: FINANCIAL RELIEF

MR. BUMBLE BOUTWELL TO MRS. CORNEY FISH. _(See Oliver Twist.)_ "THE GREAT
PRINCIPLE OF FINANCIAL RELIEF IS TO GIVE THE BUSINESS MEN EXACTLY WHAT
THEY DON'T WANT: THEN THEY GET TIRED OF COMING."]

       *       *       *       *       *

CONDENSED CONGRESS.

SENATE.

MR. SUMNER said he was the friend of the oppressed. That, as was well
known, was his regular business. Unfortunately, the Fifteenth Amendment
had rendered the colored man incapable of being hereafter regarded as an
oppressed creature. He was sorry, but it could not be helped. He was
therefore forced to go down the chromatic scale of creation and find
another class of clients. He found them in cattle. HOMER had sung about
the ox-eyed Juno, and WALTER WHITMAN about bob veal. COWPER had remarked
that he would not number in his list of friends the man who needlessly
set foot upon a cow. He mentioned these things merely to show that
railway companies had no right to starve cattle. He proposed an
amendment to the Constitution, to provide that a dinner of at least
three courses should be given to cows daily. Mr. DRAKE was heartily in
favor of the proposition. He had got his feet in a web, so to speak, by
paddling in the political waters of Missouri, and some people had gone
so far as to call him "quack." He demanded redress.

Mr. WILSON didn't see the use of all this legislation to protect
animals. Animals had no votes, although he admitted a partial exception,
in that every bull, it had its ballot. But he had something practical.
Here was a jolly job, the Pacific Railway grant. There was a good deal
more in it than they had made out of any other GRANT. Mr. THURMAN'S
suggestion, that this land ought to be occupied by actual settlers, he
scorned. "Actual settlers" were of a great deal more use to him in
Massachusetts, where they could vote for him, than in the territories,
where that boon would not be extended to them. It was much better that
they should be occupied by imaginary settlers, who could pay and not
vote. Actual "settlings" were the dregs of humanity.

The Georgia bill came up, as it does every day with much more regularity
than luncheon. The Senate has succeeded in muddling it to that degree of
unintelligibility that nobody has the slightest notion what it provides.
It is, therefore, in a condition to give rise to infinite debate. After
several senators had said enough for a foundation for thirty columns
each in the _Globe,_ they let it go for the present. The present was the
one promised by Senator WILSON in return for the Pacific Railway grab
grant.

HOUSE.

The House is given over to the tariff. A very indelicate discussion has
been had upon corsets. Mr. BROOKS was of opinion that the corset would
tariff it were subjected to any more strain in the way of duties. Mr.
MARSHALL remarked that the corset avoided a great deal of Waist. It was
whalebone of his bone, or something of that sort. It was one of the main
Stays of our social system.

Mr. SCHENCK made another speech. He ripped up the foreign corset in a
truculent manner. He said that American corsets were far superior, only
American women had not the sense to see it. The effect of taking off the
duty on corsets would be to take off the corsets.

Mr. BROOKS called the hooks and ayes on the corsets. Mr. SCHENCK opposed
the call. He had found a simple tape much preferable. He wished a
coffer-dam might be put upon the roaring BROOKS.

Somebody at this point brought up a contested election case; but Mr.
LOGAN objected to its being considered. What, he asked, was the use of
wasting time? There was money in the tariff. There was no money at all
in voting a Democrat out, and a Republican in. They could do that any
day in five minutes. His friend Mr. BUTLER had recently remarked, one
Democrat more or less made no difference. But Mr. BUTLER forgot that the
larger the majority, the larger the divisor for spoils, and therefore
the smaller the quotient and the "dividend." He did not know much about
arithmetic. He had never been at West Point; but he believed that a
million dollars, for instance, would go further and fare worse among two
hundred men than among three. If the House were not careful, there would
be a glut of Republicans in it, and the shares would be pitifully
meagre. As for him, he had a great mind, (derisive cheers)--he repeated,
that he had a great mind to vote for a Democrat next time.

In spite of Mr. LOGAN'S warning, the House voted in a couple or so of
Republicans, and then resumed the duty on wool.

Mr. Cox thought this wool had been pulled over the eyes of the house
often enough. It reminded him of an expedition, of which Mr. LOGAN had
never heard, in search of a "Golden Fleece."

Mr. JENCKES, and Mr. SCHENCK, and Mr. KELLEY called him to order in
behalf of their constituents, who were in the wool business, and said
that "wool" in one form or another had always been the staple of their
political career.

Mr. BUTLER said he had a little game worth two of that. He wanted to buy
San Domingo. In this there were plenty of commissions, and hundreds of
thousands of colored votes.

       *       *       *       *       *

FIFTEENTH AMENDMENT.

ALDERMANIC RECEPTION UP-TOWN.

      CAESAR, walk in! Ah POMPEY! how d'e do?
      This way, CLEM! Gentlemen, please walk right through!
      GEORGE, how's your mother? Fine day, PETE--fine day!
      Well, how are things down there at Oyster Bay?

      Ah AUNTIE! how's your rheumatiz, this spring?
      Well, Mr. JOHNSON, did you try that sling?
      Why, this is Uncle STEVE! How-do-you-do.
      Uncle? Sit down. What can I do for you?

      Well, Mr. PRINCE! You must be busy, now.
      Whitewashing is the best thing done, I vow!
      Why, hel-lo! REGIS! From the Cape so soon?
      When do you open, this year--first of June?

      Come, gentlemen--some wine? Now, don't refuse!
      What! temperate? teetotal? Well, that's news!
      And good news, too! Well, coffee, then. You see,
      My friends, the _sentiment's_ the thing with me.

      The real Mocha, AUNTIE! Simon pure!
      Raised by free Arabs. For I can't endure
      A single thing that's flavored with a Wrong!
      Yes, AUNTIE, you are right, I've "come out strong!"

      So have the Colored People, I may say!
      (One fact explains the other, up this way!)
      They've proved their strength! It's settled, sure as a gun,
      That every Colored Voter now counts One!

      Now, gentlemen, you'll be surprised to find
      So many people with your turn of mind!
      But, sure as tricks! remember what I say--
      You'll learn some things before Election Day!

      POMPEY--'twon't take much time, (and you can spare it!)
      Try this old fiddle, picked up in the garret!
      Good? It's your fiddle! AUNTIE, here's a pound
      Of that same genuine Mocha, ready ground!

      Say, Uncle STEVE, I've got a fish for you,
      Down at the market. Call again, PETE; do!
      I'll have a job for you and CAESAR soon:
      It's only waiting for a change of moon.

      CLEM, how'd you like a chance to wait on table?
      Or, would you rather drive, and run my stable?
      GEORGE, in the kitchen there's a pan of souse!
      Going? All gone? Now, BRIDGET, air the house!

       *       *       *       *       *

Historic Parallel.

THE JACK CADE movement came near destroying London. The Ar-Cade movement
threatens to destroy Broadway.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A CHEAP LUXURY.

SNIFFLES LOVES THE SMELL OF ROASTED CHESTNUTS, AND ENJOYS IT FOR HOURS
EVERY DAY; BUT HE NEVER EATS ANY--WHICH ACCOUNTS FOR THE JOYOUS EXPRESSION
ON THE FACE OF THE VENDER.]

       *       *       *       *       *

BUSINESS.

A CHICAGO LAY.

      I saw her sweet lip quiver,
        As he started for the store.
      Because he hadn't kissed her
        "Several" times or more.

      She cried "This horrid business!"
        And then flew to her glass;
      "Oh! why his cold remissness?
        Have I grown plain, alas?"

      But no, that truthful article
        Revealed her charms intact,
      She hadn't lost one particle,
        But had improved, in fact.

      At nine the case was opened,
        At ten the case was o'er;
      The jury brought their virdict--
        She was his wife no more.

      That night the husband started,
        And--"_you_ bet"--he swore,
      To find his wife departed,
        And "_To Let_" on the door.

      Next day he moved and married.
        And, that his bride might stay,
      He kissed her every morning
        Before he went away.

       *       *       *       *       *

Pot-umania.

A correspondent writes that a new mania has sprung up among the ladies
of Edinburgh--a fancy for learning to cook. There is a much older mania
in some parts of that country--a fancy for something to cook.

       *       *       *       *       *

About a Foot.

A BOOT when it's on.

       *       *       *       *       *

IMPORTANT TO PUBLISHERS.

One of our corps of Philosophers (a trifle visionary, perhaps) has been
speculating as to certain possible (or, perhaps, impossible) results
flowing from the practice among publishers of ante-dating their monthly
issues. Thus, supposing that the world should be destroyed by fire (and
why not? it is bad enough) on the 15th of May, 1870, and a cover of,
say, _Putnam's_ for June, carried up by an air-current, should, after
floating about ever so long in space, finally descend on some friendly
planet--we will say, Venus. Here it would naturally get picked up by an
archaeologist, (who would be on the spot looking out for it,) and the
interesting relic would be promptly and reverently deposited among the
other Vestiges of Creation, in the Royal Cabinet. In the course of
years, some historian would probably have occasion to turn over these
curiosities, and would presently light on the scorched but still legible
waif. "Why," says he, in astonishment, "I thought the earth was burnt on
the 15th of May! To be sure, it was _in the night_, and nobody saw it
go, [think of that, conceited Worldling!] but it was missed by somebody
the day after. But here we have a document from the late unfortunate
planet dated the first of June!"

Of course, upon this the History of the Universe would have to be
rewritten, or that odd fortnight would play the mischief somewhere!

       *       *       *       *       *

A Boston Boy.

HUB-BUB.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Curses Come Home to Roost."

They are putting the Fifth Avenue pavement in front of the City Hall.

       *       *       *       *       *

To Politicians.

Will the working of the Fifteenth Amendment oblige a candidate to show
his Color before election?

       *       *       *       *       *

So We Go!

We notice, with much agitation and a reasonable amount of grief, that
somebody in Philadelphia (possibly Miss ANNA DICKINSON) has invented a
machine for the laundry called The King Washer! A few years ago it would
have been The Queen Washer; but in these days the name seems to indicate
that to Man, unhappy Man, will speedily be committed the destinies of
the weekly washing. Oh! the rubbing, the rinsing, the wringing. But Mr.
PUNCHINELLO has already communicated to Mrs. PUNCHINELLO his sentiments
upon this subject. Under no circumstances will he get at the family
linen. He must make a stand somewhere, and he makes it here.

       *       *       *       *       *

Let them Bark.

Miss BARKALOW has been admitted to practice at the bar in St. Louis. We
have frequently before seen young ladies at a bar, where others
practiced more than they did; but we do not see why, if Miss BARKALOW
wishes to bark aloud, she should not be allowed to bark, aloud or
otherwise. Barking may be particularly good in a cross-examination; but
we presume that a lady attorney's bark will be always worse than her
bite.

       *       *       *       *       *

"She Stoops to Conquer."

The girl with the Grecian Bend.

       *       *       *       *       *

Query.

Is it allowable for a Temperance man to be Cordial to his friends?

       *       *       *       *       *

Weak as Water.

Our cynical friend A. QUARIUS writes us from Philadelphia, that
considering the manner in which the Sunday liquor law is enforced in
that city, he thinks his native place is still entitled--perhaps more
than ever entitled to be called the city of Rye-tangles. This is
ungrateful.

       *       *       *       *       *

SPIRITUAL SUSCEPTIBILITY OF CATS.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: Our Society has been very learnedly debating as to
whether Cats are susceptible of spiritual impressions; and, although the
burden of opinion inclines to the negative of the question, I am firmly
persuaded there is much to justify a contrary judgment.

As I slept the other night, neither dreaming nor holding psychological
intercourse of any description with outsiders, I was awakened suddenly
about the first hour of the morning by a noise. I am quite certain it
was a noise, and have therefore no hesitation in so recording it. The
new moon hung athwart the western sky, and a few fleecy clouds were
chasing each other like snow-drifts across the blue vault of the night.
I may likewise note the fact that the stars were doing what they usually
do, notwithstanding the difference of opinion that sometimes exists as
to what that is. It was the evening after "wash-day," and family linen,
in graceful curves and undulating outlines, everywhere met the eye as it
turned from contemplating the stars to contemplating the clothes-lines
in the gardens. But I wander. The noise? Ah! yes. Well, it was not like
the collision of two hard substances, but rather of the heavy "thud"
order of sound, like the descent of a solid into a soft substance; say,
for instance, of a flat-iron into a jar of unrisen buck-wheat batter. I
glanced along the ghostly battalions of family linen; along the fences
traversed by feline sentries; along the latticed arbors; but nothing to
indicate the origin of the alarm could be discovered, and as at that
moment a breeze stirred in the apartment, producing a chilling
sensation, I thought it prudent to jump back into bed.

Next morning, upon making my usual visit to note the progress of the
early bulbs in the flower-beds, I encountered at the further end of the
garden the remains of a cat--a portly and ancient grimalkin of the
sterner sex. Close at hand was a bottle lying face downward, and corked.
I raised it--first in my hands, and then to my lips. The cork fell out,
accidentally as it were, and, as a consequence, death. "Poor thing!" I
murmured; "poor--" and a portion of the contents glided carelessly down
my throat. I perceived that the liquid was "Old Rye." As I stooped down,
tears would have come to my eyes; but it was useless, seeing that the
breath had left the unfortunate's body. Nevertheless, I rested my hand a
moment upon his head, and then glided it in a semi-professional manner
along the line of dorsal elevation, until I came to a deep depression in
his backbone, which corresponded exactly with the convexity of the
bottle. Then I saw at once how it was; this missile, (in the heat of
passion, being mistaken for an empty one, probably,) had been hurled by
some treacherous hand upon the unsuspecting Tom, striking him midway
between the root of the tail and the base of the brain, causing instant
suspension of his vertebral communications, "Poor thing! You were the
victim of a Catastrophe. You were also the victim of the bottle. The
'Rye' was too heavy for you, and should have been drawn milder." This
said, I turned sadly away to find a burial spade, and it then occurred
to me that this little incident was kindly meant to confirm my view that
cats are susceptible, even to a fatal extent, of spiritual
impressions--especially when conveyed by spirits of "Old Rye."

GOBBO.

       *       *       *       *       *

From the Tombs.

When a drunken man has been locked up for beating his wife, it is
reasonable to suppose that he must feel rather the worse for lick her.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PERSONAL GOSSIP.

(From the Daily Press.)

"A SON OF ONE OF OUR WEALTHIEST RESIDENTS DISPLAYS GREAT TALENTS AS A
SCULPTOR. HE IS BUT NINE YEARS OLD."]

       *       *       *       *       *

A BIT OF NATURAL HISTORY.

Naturalists tell us that the _Aye-aye_ is a small animal of Madagascar,
with sharp teeth, long claws, and a tail; which eats whatever it can
grab, and says nothing day or night but _aye-aye_. Now, we find that,
AGASSIZ to the contrary notwithstanding, this strange and not very
useful animal is indigenous to the State of Pennsylvania. It especially
frequents Harrisburg; and may be seen and heard any day there, in the
Senate or House. Being an active member of that House, your
correspondent has been present during the passage of three hundred bills
within a week or two, in about one hundred and ten of which he had some
personal interest.

Lifting his eyes one day from his newspaper, when the Speaker took the
vote on an "Act to amend the Incorporation of the City of Philadelphia,"
which your correspondent happened to know included the presentation of a
three-story brownstone front to each of a committee of six members of
the House, he found there was not one member in his seat; but, in the
place of a few, there was a company of these remarkable _Aye-ayes_,
responding duly to the call for a vote; but never a _no_ among them. No,
no!

Now, your correspondent holds the deliberate opinion that, in several
respects, these aforesaid small animals of Madagascar might be an
improvement upon the average Pennsylvania legislators. And, if your
correspondent had to do with getting up the other one hundred and ninety
bills, as he did the one hundred and ten, all right: Otherwise, _not_.
How does PUNCHINELLO regard it?

Yours, LEGISLATOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

An Augean Job.

PUNCHINELLO has telegraphed to Governor GEARY his approval of the
"Sewage Utilization" bill at Harrisburg, on one condition: that the
first piece of work be finished up by the members of the Pennsylvania
Legislature with their own hands; that work to be, to make up into
_decent_ manure, _deodorized_ and _disinfected_, all bills passed at the
late session of their House and Senate. Since, however, complete
deodorization is probably _impossible_, PUNCHINELLO advises also that
the said members be required to cart all their stuff out to the Bad
Lands of Nebraska, and remain there to make the best use of it; or else
make a contract with Captain HALL to ship it and them to the Arctic
regions at once.

       *       *       *       *       *

On the Finances.

Says Crispin, "Did not somebody say it was BOUTWELL in the Treasury now?
A great mistake. About well, to be sure! When the newspaper men have
111-1/2 of gold, and I haven't a round dollar! Where did they get it?
And then the legal tender question. I never asked but _one_ tender
question in all my life, and that was to SUSAN and she said, Yes. And
then we were legally married. Nobody ought to ask such questions _out
loud_; it's not _decent_. And _fine answering_ an't much better.
Financiering, is it? Ah! well. _Specious assumption_, too; but that
requires brass, and I want _gold_. Meantime, who's got a twenty-five
cent note?"

       *       *       *       *       *

Massachusetts Flats.

Massachusetts must abound in Flats. Its Legislature is annually agitated
from the sands of Cape Cod to the hills of Berkshire over the question.
It is said to be wisdom to set a rogue to catch a rogue. Is it equally
so to set a flat to catch one?

       *       *       *       *       *

NATIONAL TAXIDERMY.

[Illustration 'P']

PUNCHINELLO has for some time past carefully considered the subject of
our national tariff of imposts, (_that is to say, he happened to see, in
a Tribune, the other day, that lucifer matches were now to be stamped
separately, and not by the box, as heretofore_) and he has come to the
conclusion, after duly weighing in his mind all the arguments for and
against the present system of taxation, (_that is to say, he made up his
mind the minute he read the article_,) that what the present tariff
needs, is a more thorough application and a better classification; or,
what the technologists call Taxonomy, which term is suggested to him by
a work on the subject which he has been recently studying. (_That is to
say, he looked in the dictionary to find out what Taxidermy meant, and
seeing Taxonomy there, snapped it up for a sort of collateral pun_.) As
an illustration of what our impost legislators (or imposters) ought to
be, let us take the Taxidermist. He is one who takes from an animal
every thing but his skin and bones, and stuffs him up afterward with all
sorts of nonsense. Now, our National Taxidermists ought to take a lesson
from their original. Many of the good people of the United States have
much more left them than their skin and bones. Why is not all that
taken? The condition of the ordinary stuffed animal of the shops is
strikingly significant of what should be expected of loyal communities.
(_That is to say, communities which vote a certain ticket which need not
be named here_.) It is often said that there are things which flesh and
blood will not bear. Now, a thorough system of Taxidermy remedies all
this. A stuffed 'possum, for instance, having no flesh or blood, will
bear any thing. When the people of this country are thoroughly cleaned
out, they will be just as docile. Among the things which PUNCHINELLO
would recommend as fit subjects of taxation, is a man's expenses. They
have not been taxed yet. If he pays for his income, why not for his
outgoes? The immense sums that are annually expended in this country for
this, that, and the other thing ought certainly to yield a revenue to
the government. (_That is to say, there ought to be a new army of
collectors and assessors appointed. P. knows lots of good men out of
office_.) And then there's a man's time. Why not tax that? Nearly every
man spends a lot of time, and he ought to pay for it. As it would be our
tax, it could not be a very minute tax, although it is only the second
tax which we have suggested. (_That is to say--- something pun-ny_.) And
besides these things, there's energy. We often hear of a man's energies
being taxed; but, so far as the matter is apparent to the naked eye, it
is difficult to see whose energies are taxed for the good of the
government at the present day. This subject should certainly be
investigated. (_That is to say, a committee of Congressmen should be
appointed, with power to send for persons, papers, and extra
compensation_.) Politics, too. Every man has his politics, (_that is to
say, every man except Bennett_,) and they ought to be taxed, if for no
other reason than the great impetus the measure would give to the
erection of fences throughout the land. And letters, too. If every one
sent by the mail should yield one cent to the Treasury, how the currency
would be inflated in that locality! (_That is to say, in the locality to
which the collectors would abscond_.) But it is impossible, with the
limited time at his disposal, for PUNCHINELLO to enter into a full
examination and elucidation of this subject. (_That is to say, he can't
think of any more illustrations just now, and the printer wouldn't stand
any more, if he could_.) But it must be admitted that the great task of
opening up the country, of which we hear so much, will never be complete
until the Washington skinners and stuffers get us all into the prepared
specimen condition. (_That is to say, when the people are all willing
to_ "_dry up_.")

       *       *       *       *       *

JOHN CHINAMAN'S BILLING AND COOING.--Pigeon English.

       *       *       *       *       *

CABLE NEWS.

(EXCLUSIVELY FOR PUNCHINELLO.)

QUEEN ISABELLA has sent her compliments to Senor CASTELAR, as well as to
General PRIM, informing them that, on the whole, she thinks she will
_not_ return to the throne of Spain. It does not agree with her quiet
and refined tastes and habits to live so much in public. All she wants
now is a little _chateau en Espagne_. She proposes to send her son,
Prince of ASTURIAS, to Professor CASTELAR, to study modern history. Is
it not odd, by the way, that a country so long _Mad-rid-den_ as Spain,
should have now a governor with such a name as PRIM? But, what's in a
name? BOURBON, by any other name, would smell as sweet. Some, however,
prefer Old Rye. I prefer _water_ to both; _especially_ to BOURBON.

It's an old story that _two positives make a negative_. Paris news tells
us that a late will case has exemplified this. COMTE, you know, was a
_positive_ philosopher. He had a positive wife. She had a will of her
own. He wrote a will of his own. Consequently, it got into court. Mme.
COMTE it seems, who did not agree with the philosophy while the
philosopher lived, wanted his MSS. after his death. Positively, the
court did not see it in that light; and so the negative came out. It was
a case of no go, or _non-ego_, as HEGEL might have called it. Did you
ever read HEGEL? I didn't; and I advise you not to begin. It won't pay.
I am told that he divided all things into Egos, She goes, and Non-egos,
or No-goes. The latter particularly; So do I.

But to return to Spain; or rather to Paris. Don FRANCOIS D'ASSISSI has,
it appears, suddenly discovered that his wife is not Queen of Spain so
much as she was. Much less so. So, he has found her company rather
expensive than agreeable; and proposes to abdicate it. Not so _very_
much of an ass, is he? Bravo for Don FRANCOIS!

In London, _to-morrow_ will be made famous in literature by _the_ great
dinner in honor of the advent of PUNCHINELLO. Mr. PUNCH is talked of to
preside. An unprecedented rush for tickets has begun. More about it in
my next.

PRIME.

       *       *       *       *       *

Cutting.

We see extensively advertised the "Saxon Razor;" but have not yet
summoned up sufficient courage to try this article, which "no
gentleman's dressing-case should be without." We cannot dispossess our
minds of the apprehension of cutting ourselves, remembering that line
descriptive of the combat between FITZ-JAMES and RODERICK DHU, in which
it is said, that,

    "----thrice the Saxon blade drank blood."

       *       *       *       *       *

Musical.

The vocal abilities of hens are admitted; but they rarely attempt the
Chro-matic scale.

       *       *       *       *       *

De Jure.

No man can now be a juror who knows any thing about the case which he is
to try. Thus a juryman was challenged in the MCFARLAND case merely
because he belonged to Dr. BELLOWS's church. It was held that he might
possibly have got Wind of the matter while listening to the Doctor's
discourse.

       *       *       *       *       *

BOOK NOTICES.

AN OLD-FASHIONED GIRL. By LOUISA M. ALCOTT. Boston: ROBERTS BROTHERS.
New-York: D. APPLETON & Co.

The author of "Little Women" seeks, and not without success, to draw
from her "Old-Fashioned Girl" a contrast and a moral. She presents to
our view two young ladies of opposite "styles." One is fresh and rural:
the other isn't. The difference between country and city bringing-up is
the point aimed at; and the difference is about as great as that between
the warbling of woodside birds and the jingle of one of OFFENBACH'S
tunes on a corner barrel-organ. The book is neatly set forth, with
illustrations by Messrs. ROBERTS, BROTHERS, of Boston.

RED AS A ROSE IS SHE. By the author of "Cometh up as a Flower," etc.
New-York: D. APPLETON & Co.

A readable book, notwithstanding that there are several naughty
characters in it, or perhaps _because_ there are. Probably it depicts
with truth the kind of society presented. If so, all the worse for
society. Shall we never again have healthful, virtuous novels of the old
school, such as "Tom Jones?" The book is published in tasteful form by
Messrs. D. APPLETON & Co.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ARE OFFERING                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Extraordinary Inducements,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                IN PRICE, STYLE, AND QUALITY,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO HOUSEKEEPERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Linens, Sheetings,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                DAMASKS, NAPKINS, TOWELLINGS,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                DRESS LINENS, PRINTED LINENS,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                 FLANNELS, BLANKETS, QUILTS,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   COUNTERPANES, SHEETINGS,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Bleached and Brown Cottons,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |             Standard American Prints, etc., etc.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 4th Ave., 9th and 10th Sts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              HAVE OPENED A LARGE ASSORTMENT OF               |
  |                                                              |
  |                  LADIES' PARIS MADE DRESSES                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WALKING SUITS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 In Silk, Poplin, and Linen,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     ENTIRE NEW DESIGNS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     FRENCH SILK CLOAKS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHORT STREET SACQUES.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |        Children's Cloaks, Ladies' Breakfast Jackets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |              Ladies' Pique, Swiss, and Cambric               |
  |                                                              |
  |               Morning Robes and Walking Suits,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                    LADIES' UNDERGARMENTS                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Of every description.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |            French, German, and Domestic Corsets,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Woven and hand-made.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        JUST RECEIVED.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               AT EXTREMELY ATTRACTIVE PRICES,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              Fourth Ave., Ninth and Tenth Sts.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |  _The two great objects of a learner's ambition ought to be  |
  | to speak a foreign language idiomatically, and to pronounce  |
  |    it correctly; and these are the objects which are most    |
  |        carefully provided for in the_ MASTERY SYSTEM.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The Mastery of Languages;                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                             OR,                              |
  |                                                              |
  |         THE ART OF SPEAKING LANGUAGES IDIOMATICALLY.         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    BY THOMAS PRENDERGAST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |             _I. Hand-Book of the Mastery Series.             |
  |               II. The Mastery Series. French.                |
  |               III. The Mastery Series. German.               |
  |              IV. The Mastery Series. Spanish._               |
  |                                                              |
  |                     PRICE 50 CENTS EACH.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  _From Professor E. M. Gallaudet, of the National Deaf Mute  |
  |                          College._                           |
  |                                                              |
  | "The results which crowned the labor of the first week were  |
  |   so astonishing that he fears to detail them fully, lest    |
  | doubts should be raised as to his credibility. But this much |
  |  he does not hesitate to claim, that, after a study of less  |
  |  than two weeks, he was able to sustain conversation in the  |
  |   newly-acquired language on a great variety of subjects."   |
  |                                                              |
  |                   FROM THE ENGLISH PRESS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |    "The principle may be explained in a line--it is first    |
  |  learning the language, and then studying the grammar, and   |
  | then learning (or trying to learn) the language."--_Morning  |
  |                            Star_.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |       "We know that there are some who have given Mr.        |
  |   Prendergast's plan a trial, and discovered that in a few   |
  |          weeks its results had surpassed all their           |
  |                  expectations."--_Record_.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |  "A week's patient trial of the French Manual has convinced  |
  |        me that the method is sound."--_Papers for the        |
  |                        Schoolmaster_.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      "The simplicity and naturalness of the system are       |
  |              obvious."--_Herald_ (Birmingham.)               |
  |                                                              |
  | "We know of no other plan which will infallibly lead to the  |
  |        result in a reasonable time."--_Norfolk News_.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                   FROM THE AMERICAN PRESS.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | "The system is as near as can be to the one in which a child |
  |                   to talk."--_Troy Whig_.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |   "We would advise all who are about to begin the study of   |
  |    languages to give it a trial."--_Rochester Democrat_.     |
  |                                                              |
  |           "For European travellers this volume is            |
  |                invaluable."--_Worcester Spy_.                |
  |                                                              |
  | Either of the above volumes sent by mail free to any part of |
  |            the United States on receipt of price.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                D. APPLETON & CO., Publishers,                |
  |                                                              |
  |            90, 92, and 94 Grand Street, New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    RED AS A ROSE IS SHE.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                       _Third Edition._                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 90, 92, and 94 Grand Street,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |             Have now ready the Third Edition of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    RED AS A ROSE IS SHE.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          By the Author of "Cometh up as a Flower."           |
  |                                                              |
  |             1 vol. 8vo. Paper Covers, 60 cents.              |
  |                                                              |
  |             From the New York _Evening Express_.             |
  |                                                              |
  |    "This is truly a charming novel; for half its contents    |
  | breathe the very odor of the flower it takes as its title."  |
  |                                                              |
  |              From the Philadelphia _Inquirer_.               |
  |                                                              |
  |   "The author can and does write well; the descriptions of   |
  |   scenery are particularly effective, always graphic, and    |
  |                     never overstrained."                     |
  |                                                              |
  |               D. A. & Co. have just published:               |
  |                                                              |
  |    A SEARCH FOR WINTER SUNBEAMS IN THE RIVIERA, CORSICA,     |
  |                     ALGIERS, AND SPAIN.                      |
  |          By Hon. S. S. Cox. Illustrated. Price, $3.          |
  |                                                              |
  | REPTILES AND BIRDS: A POPULAR ACCOUNT OF THE VARIOUS ORDERS, |
  |   WITH A DESCRIPTION OF THE HABITS AND ECONOMY OF THE MOST   |
  |                         INTERESTING.                         |
  |  By Louis Figuler. Illustrated with 307 wood-cuts. 8vo, $6.  |
  |                                                              |
  |       HEREDITARY GENIUS: AN INQUIRY INTO ITS LAWS AND        |
  |                        CONSEQUENCES.                         |
  |            By Francis Galton. 1 vol. 8vo. $3.50.             |
  |                                                              |
  |    HAND-BOOK OF THE MASTERY SERIES OF LEARNING LANGUAGES.    |
  |           I. THE HAND-ROOK OF THE MASTERY SERIES.            |
  |               II. THE MASTERY SERIES, FRENCH.                |
  |               III. THE MASTERY SERIES, GERMAN.               |
  |               IV. THE MASTERY SERIES, SPANISH.               |
  |                    Price, 50 cents each.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |   Either of the above sent free by mail to any address on    |
  |                    receipt of the price.                     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           BURCH'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Merchant's Restaurant                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DINING-ROOM,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                        310 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |               BETWEEN PEARL AND DUANE STREETS.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                 _Breakfast from 7 to 10 A.M.                 |
  |              Lunch and Dinner from 12 to 3 P.M.              |
  |                   Supper from 4 to 7 P.M._                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  M. C. BURCH, of New-York.                   |
  |                     A. STOW, of Alabama.                     |
  |               H. A. CARTER, of Massachusetts.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Important to Newsdealers!                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ALL ORDERS FOR                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Will be supplied by                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                OUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE AGENTS,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                      American News Co.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              BEGS TO ANNOUNCE TO THE FRIENDS OF              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                RESIDING IN THE COUNTRY, THAT,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                    FOR THEIR CONVENIENCE                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  HE HAS MADE ARRANGEMENTS BY WHICH, ON RECEIPT OF THE PRICE  |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          THE SAME WILL BE FORWARDED, POSTAGE PAID.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses, |
  |     can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   OFFICE OF PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO., 83 Nassau Street.    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      [P. O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+



[Illustration: A SUCCESSFUL CATCH.

_John Bull._ "WELL, GENERAL, HOW DID YOU CATCH YOUR FISH?"

 _General Prim._ "WITH A SPANISH FLY."]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTHAM WATCHES. 3-4 PLATE. _16 and 20 Sizes._        |
  |                                                              |
  |  To the manufacture of these fine Watches the Company have   |
  |    devoted all the science and skill in the art at their     |
  |    command, and confidently claim that, for fineness and     |
  |      beauty, no less than for the greater excellence of      |
  |     mechanical and scientific correctness of design and      |
  |      execution, these watches are unsurpassed anywhere.      |
  |                                                              |
  |    In this country the manufacture of this fine grade of     |
  |       Watches is not even attempted except at Waltham.       |
  |                                                              |
  |              FOR SALE BY ALL LEADING JEWELLERS.              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 Bowling Green Savings-Bank,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    33 BROADWAY, NEW-YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           _Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M_.            |
  |                                                              |
  |             Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents              |
  |          to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received.          |
  |                                                              |
  |        Six Per Cent Interest, Free of Government Tax.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the first of every month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  HENRY SMITH, _President._                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary._                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


PUNCHINELLO:

TERMS TO CLUBS.

WE OFFER AS PREMIUMS FOR CLUBS

FIRST:

DANA BICKFORD'S PATENT FAMILY SPINNER,

The most complete and desirable machine ever yet introduced for spinning
purposes.

SECOND:

BICKFORD'S CROCHET AND FANCY WORK MACHINES.

These beautiful little machines are very fascinating, as well as useful;
and every lady should have one, as they can make every conceivable kind
of crochet or fancy work upon them.

THIRD:

BICKFORD'S AUTOMATIC FAMILY KNITTER.

This is the most perfect and complete machine in the world. It knits
every thing.

FOURTH:

AMERICAN BUTTONHOLE, OVERSEAMING, AND SEWING-MACHINE.

This great combination machine is the last and greatest improvement on
all former machines. No. 1, with finely finished Oiled Walnut Table and
Cover, complete, price, $75. No. 2, same machine without the buttonhole
parts, etc., price, $60.

WE WILL SEND THE

Family Spinner,                price, $8, for  4 subscribers and $16.
No.1 Crochet,                   "      8,  "   4      "       "   16.
 " 2    "                       "     15,  "   6      "       "   24.
 " 1 Automatic Knitter, 72 needles,   30,  "  12      "       "   48.
 " 2     "        "     84 needles,   33,  "  13      "       "   52.
No.3 Automatic Knitter, 100 needles,  37, for 15 subscribers and $60.
 " 4     "        "     2 cylinders,  33,  "  13      "       "   52.
                        1  72 needles 40.  "  16      "       "   64.
                        1 100 needles

No. 1 American Buttonhole and Overseaming Machine,
 price, $75, for 30 subscribers and $120.

No. 2 American Buttonhole and Overseaming Machine,
  without buttonhole parts, etc., price, $60, for 25 subscribers and $100.

Descriptive Circulars

Of all these machines will be sent upon application to this office, and
full instructions for working them will be sent to purchasers.

Parties getting up Clubs preferring cash to premiums, may deduct
seventy-five cents upon each full subscription sent for four subscribers
and upward, and after the first remittance for four subscribers may send
single names as they obtain them, deducting the commission.

Remittances should be made in Post-Office Orders, Bank Checks, or Drafts
on New-York City; or if these can not be obtained, then by Registered
Letters, which any post-master will furnish.

Charges on money sent by express must be prepaid, or the net amount only
will be credited.

Directions for shipping machines must be full and explicit, to prevent
error. In sending subscriptions give address, with Town, County, and
State.

The postage on this paper will be twenty cents per year, payable
quarterly in advance, at the place where it is received. Subscribers in
the British Provinces will remit twenty cants in addition to
subscription.

All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to
P.O. Box 2783.


PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY

No. 83 Nassau Street,

NEW-YORK

       *       *       *       *       *

S.W. GREEN, PRINTER, CORNER JACOB AND FRANKFORT STREETS.








End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 5,  April 30,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 5 ***

***** This file should be named 10018.txt or 10018.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10018/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 22, August 27, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 22, August 27, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 8, 2003 [EBook #10019]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 22 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        CARBOLIC SALVE                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Recommended by Physicians.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The best Salve in use for all disorders of the skin,     |
  |                 for Cuts, Burns, Wounds, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      USED IN HOSPITALS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       PRICE 25 CENTS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               JOHN F. HENRY, Sole Proprietor,                |
  |                No. 8 College Place, New York.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol. 1.   No. 22.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, AUGUST 27, 1870.

PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,
By ORPHEUS C. KERR,
Continued in this Number.

[Sidenote: See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       $47,000 REWARD.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PROCLAMATION.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The Murder of Mr. Benjamin Nathan.                           |
  |                                                              |
  | The widow having determined to increase the rewards          |
  | heretofore offered by me (in my proclamation of July 29),    |
  | and no result having yet been obtained, and suggestions      |
  | having been made that the rewards were not sufficiently      |
  | distributive or specific, the offers in the previous         |
  | proclamation are hereby superseded by the following:         |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $30,000 will be paid for the arrest and          |
  | conviction of the murderer of BENJAMIN NATHAN, who was       |
  | killed in his house, No. 12 West Twenty-third Street, New    |
  | York, on the morning of Friday, July 29.                     |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for the identification and   |
  | recovery of each and every one of the three Diamond Shirt    |
  | Studs which were taken from the clothing of the deceased on  |
  | the night of the murder. Two of the diamonds weighed,        |
  | together, 1, 1/2, and 1/3, and 1/16 carats, and the other, a |
  | flat stone, showing nearly a surface of one carat, weighed   |
  | 3/4 and 1/32. All three were mounted in skeleton settings,   |
  | with spiral screws, but the color of the gold, setting of    |
  | the flat diamond was not so dark as the other two.           |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,500 will be paid for the identification and   |
  | recovery of one of the watches, being the Gold anchor        |
  | Hunting-case Stem-winding Watch, No. 6657, 19 lines, or      |
  | about two inches in diameter, made by Ed. Perregaux; or for  |
  | the Chain and Seals thereto attached. The Chain is very      |
  | massive, with square links, and carries a Pendant Chain with |
  | two seals, one of them having the monogram "B.N.," cut       |
  | thereon.                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $300 will be given for information leading to    |
  | the identification and recovery of an old-fashioned          |
  | open-faced Gold Watch, with gold dial, showing rays          |
  | diverging from the center, and with raised figures; believed |
  | to have been made by Tobias, and which was taken at the same |
  | time as the above articles.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $300 will be given for the recovery of a Gold    |
  | Medal of about the size of a silver dollar, and which bears  |
  | an inscription of presentation not precisely known, but      |
  | believed to be either "To Sampson Simpson, President of the  |
  | Jews' Hospital," or, "To Benjamin Nathan, President of the   |
  | Jews' Hospital."                                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $100 will be given for full and complete         |
  | detailed information descriptive of this medal, which may be |
  | useful in securing its recovery.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $1,000 will be given for information leading to  |
  | the identification of the instrument used in committing the  |
  | murder, which is known as a "dog" or clamp, and is a piece   |
  | of wrought iron about sixteen inches long, turned up for     |
  | about an inch at each end, and sharp; such as is used by     |
  | ship-carpenters, or post-trimmers, ladder-makers,            |
  | pump-makers, sawyers, or by iron-moulders to clamp their     |
  | flasks.                                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | A REWARD of $800 will be given to the man who, on the        |
  | morning of the murder, was seen to ascend the steps and pick |
  | up a piece of paper lying there, and then walk away with it, |
  | if he will come forward and produce it.                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Any information bearing upon the case may be sent to the     |
  | Mayor, John Jourdan, Superintendent of Police City of New    |
  | York; or to James J. Kelso, Chief Detective Officer.         |
  |                                                              |
  | A. OAKEY HALL, MAYOR.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The foregoing rewards are offered by                         |
  | the request of,                                              |
  | and are guaranteed by me.                                    |
  |                                                              |
  | Signed, EMILY G. NATHAN,                                     |
  | Widow of B. NATHAN.                                          |
  |                                                              |
  | The following reward has also been offered by the New York   |
  | Stock Exchange:                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | $10,000--The New York Stock Exchange offers a reward of Ten  |
  | Thousand Dollars for the arrest and conviction of the        |
  | murderer or murderers of Benjamin Nathan, late a member of   |
  | said Exchange, who was killed on the night of July 28, 1870, |
  | at his house in Twenty-third street, New York City.          |
  |                                                              |
  | J.L. BROWNELL, Vice-Chairman,  Gov. Com.                     |
  | D.C. HAYS, Treasurer.                                        |
  | B.O. WHITE, Secretary.                                       |
  | MAYOR'S OFFICE, New York, August 5, 1870.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for July,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |              Is now ready. Price, Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary._                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and       |
  |                        Saleable Work.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       83 Nassau Street                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. BOX 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,      |
  |  commencing May 31, will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and  |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  |    Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill,     |
  |  Hudson, and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge   |
  | cars in connection with the day boats will leave on arrival  |
  |   at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare    |
  |   $4.25 from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat   |
  |     Seneca will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      ESTABLISHED 1866.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |      Jas R. Nichols, M.D., Wm. J. Rolfe, A.M., Editors       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Boston Journal of Chemistry.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Devoted to the Science of                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          HOME LIFE,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |             The Arts, Agriculture, and Medicine.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.00 Per Year.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      _Journal and Punchinello (without Premium)_ $4.00.      |
  |                                                              |
  |                   SEND FOR SPECIMEN-COPY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address--JOURNAL OF CHEMISTRY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 150 CONGRESS STREET, BOSTON.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XV.

"SPOTTED."

When the bell of St. Cow's began ringing for Ritualistic
morning-service, with a sound as of some incontinently rambling dun
spinster of the lacteal herd--now near at hand in cracked dissonance, as
the wind blows hither; now afar, in tinkling distance, as the wind blows
hence--MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON was several miles away from Bumsteadville
upon his walking-match, with head already bumped like a pineapple, and
face curiously swelled, from amateur practice with the Indian Club.
Being by that time cold enough for breakfast, and willing to try the
virtues of some soothing application to his right eye, which, from a
bruise just below it, was nearly closed, the badly banged young man
suspended his murderous calisthenics at the door of a rustic hotel, and
there entered to secure a wayside meal.

The American country "hotel," or half-way house, is, perhaps, one of the
most depressing fictions ever encountered by stage-passenger, or
pedestrian afield: and depends so exclusively upon the imagination for
any earthly distinction from the retired and neglected private hiding-place
of some decayed and morbid agricultural family, that only the
conventional swing sign-board before the door saves the cognizant mind
from a painfully dense confusion. Smelling about equally of eternal
wash-day, casual cow-shed, and passing feather-bed, it sustains a lank,
middle-aged, gristly man to come out at the same hour every day and
grunt unintelligibly at the stage-driver, an expressionless boy in a
bandless straw-hat and no shoes to stare blankly from the doorway at
the same old pole-horse he has mechanically thus inspected from infancy,
and one speckled hen of mature years to poise observingly on single leg
at the head of the shapeless black dog asleep at the sunny end of the
low wooden stoop. It is the one rural spot on earth where a call for
fresh eggs evokes remonstrative and chronic denial; where chickens for
dinner are sternly discredited as mere freaks of legendary romance, and
an order for a glass of new milk is incredulously answered by a
tumblerful of water which tastes of whitewash-brush. Whosoever sleeps
there of a night shall be crowded by walls which rub off into a faint
feather-bed of the flavor and consistency of geese used whole, and have
for his feverish breakfast in the morning a version of broiled ham as
racy of attic-salt as the rasher of BACON'S essays. And to him who pays
his bill there, ere he straggles weakly forth to repair his shattered
health by frenzied flight, shall be given in change such hoary ten-cent
shreds of former postal currency as he has not hitherto deemed credible,
sticking together in inextricable conglomeration by such fragments of
fish-scales as he never before believed could be gathered by handled
small-money from palms not sufficiently washed after piscatorial
diversion.

It was in at a country hotel, then, that the young Southern pedestrian
turned for temporary rest and a meal, and pitiless was the
cross-examination instituted by the inevitable lank, middle-aged gristly
man, before he could reconcile it with his duty as a cautious public
character to reveal the treasures of the larder. Those bumps on the
head, that swollen eye, and nose, came--did they?--from swinging this
here club for exercise. Well, he wanted to know, now! People generally
used two of the clubs at once--did they?--but one was enough for a
beginner. Well, he _wanted_ to know, now! Could he supply a couple of
poached eggs and a cup of milk? No, young man; but a slice of corned
pork and a bowl of tea were within the resources of the establishment.

When at length upon the road again, the bruised youth resolved to follow
a cattle-track "across lots," for the greater space in which to exercise
with his Indian club as he walked. Like any other novice in the
practice, he could not divest his mind of the impression, that the
frightful thumps he continually received, in twirling the merciless
thing around and behind his devoted head, were due to some kind of
crowding influence from the boundaries on either side the way, and it
was to gain relief from such damaging contraction of area that he left
the highway for the wider wintry fields. Going onward in these latter at
an irregular pace; sometimes momentarily stunned into a rangy stagger by
a sounding blow on the cerebrum or the cerebellum; and, again, irritated
almost to a run by contusion of shoulder-blade or funny-bone; he finally
became aware that two men were following him through the lots, and that
with a closeness of attention indicating more than common interest. To
the perception of his keenly sensitive Southern nature they at once
became ribald Yankee vandals, hoping for unseemly amusement from the
detection of some awkwardness in the Indian-club-play of a defeated but
not conquered Southern Gentleman; and, in the haughty sectional pride of
his contemptuous soul, he indignantly determined to show not the least
consciousness of their disrespectful observation. Twirling the club
around and around his battered head with increasing velocity, he smiled
scornfully to himself, nor deigned a single backward glance at the one
of his two followers who approached more rapidly than the other. He
heard the hindermost say to the foremost, "Leave him alone, I tell you,
and he'll knock himself down in a minute," and, in a passionately
reckless effort of sheer bravado to catch the club from one hand with
the other while it yet circled swiftly over his skull, he accidentally
brought the ungovernable weapon into tremendous contact with the top of
his head, and dashed himself violently to the earth.

"Didn't I tell you he'd do it?" cried the hindermost of the two
strangers, coming up; while the other coolly seated himself upon the
prostrated victim. "These here Indian clubs always throw a man if he
ain't got muscle in his arms; and this here little Chivalry has got arms
like a couple of canes."

"Arise from me instantly, fellow. You're sitting upon my breast-pin,"
exclaimed MONTGOMERY to the person sitting upon him.

They suffered him to regain his feet, which he did with extreme hauteur,
and surveyed his bumped head and swollen countenance with undisguised
wonder.

"How dare you treat a Southerner in this way?" continued the young man,
his head aching inexpressibly. "I thought the war was over long ago. If
money is your object, seek out a citizen of some other section than
mine; for the South is out of funds just now, owing to the military
outrages of Northern scorpions."

"We're constables, Mr. PENDRAGON," was the reply, "and it is our duty to
take you back to the main road, where a couple of your friends are
waiting for you."

Staring from one to the other in speechless wonder at what this fresh
outrage upon the down-trodden South could mean, MONTGOMERY allowed them
to replace his Indian club in his hand, and conduct him back to the
public road; where, to his increased bewilderment, he found Gospeler
SIMPSON and the Ritualistic organist.

"What is the matter, gentlemen?" he asked, in great agitation: "must I
take the oath of Loyalty; or am I required by Yankee philanthropy to
marry a negress?"

At the sound of his voice, Mr. BUMSTEAD left the shoulder of Mr.
SIMPSON, upon which he had been leaning with great weight, and, coming
forward in three long skips, deliberately wound his right hand in the
speaker's neck-tie.

"Where are those nephews--where's that umbrella?" demanded the organist,
with considerable ferocity.

"Nephews!--umbrella!" gasped the other.

"The EDWINS--bone handle," explained Mr. BUMSTEAD, lurching towards his
captive.

"Mr. MONTGOMERY," interposed the Gospeler, sadly, Mr. DROOD went out
with you last night, late, from his estimable uncle's lodgings, and has
not been seen since. Where is he?"

"He went back into the house again, sir, after I had walked him up and
down the road a few times."

"Well, then, where's that umbrella?" roared the organist, who seemed
quite beside himself with grief and excitement.

"Mr. BUMSTEAD, pray be more calm," implored the Reverend OCTAVIUS.

"Mr. MONTGOMERY, this agitated gentleman's nephew has been mysteriously
missing ever since he went out with you at midnight: also an alpaca
umbrella."

"Upon my honor, I know nothing of either," ejaculated the unhappy
Southerner.

Mr. BUMSTEAD, still holding him by the neck-tie, cast a fiery and
unsettled glance around at nothing in particular; then ground his teeth
audibly, and scowled.

"My boy's missing!" he said, hissingly.--"Y'understand?--he's
missing.--I must insist upon searching the prisoner."

In the presence of Gospeler and constables, and loftily regardless alike
of their startled wonder and the young man's protests, the maddened
uncle of the lost DROOD deliberately examined all the captive's pockets
in succession. In one of them was a penknife, which, after thoughtfully
trying it upon his pink nails, he abstractedly placed in his own pocket.
Searching next the overwhelmed Southerner's travelling-satchel, he found
in it an apple, which he first eyed with marked suspicion, and then bit
largely into, as though half expecting to find in it some traces of his
nephew.

"I'll keep this suspicious fruit," he remarked, with a hollow laugh;
and, bearing unreservedly upon the nearer arm of the hapless MONTGOMERY,
and eating audibly as he surged onward, he started on the return march
for Bumsteadville.

Not a word more was spoken until, after a cool Christmas stroll of about
eight and a quarter miles, the whole party stood before Judge SWEENEY in
the house of the latter. There, when the story had been sorrowfully
repeated by the Gospeler, Mr. BUMSTEAD exhibited the core of the apple,
and tickled the magistrate almost into hysterics by whispering very
closely in his ear, that it was a core curiously similar to that of the
last apple eaten by his nephew; and, having been found in an apple from
the prisoner's satchel, might be useful in evidence. Judge SWEENEY
wished to know if Mr. PENDRAGON had any political relations, or could
influence any votes? and, upon being answered in the negative, eyed the
young man sternly, and said that appearances were decidedly against him.
He could not exactly commit him to jail without accusation, although the
apple-core and his political unimportance subjected him to grave
suspicion: but he should hold the Gospeler responsible for the youth's
appearance at any time when his presence should be required. Mr.
BUMSTEAD, whose eyes were becoming very glassy, then suggested that a
handbill should be at once printed and circulated, to the effect that
there had been Lost, or Stolen, two Black Alpaca Nephews, about 5 feet 8
inches high, with a bone handle, light eyes and hair, and whalebone
ribs; and that if the said EDWIN would return, with a brass ferule
slightly worn, the finder should receive earnest thanks, and be seen
safely to his home by J. BUMSTEAD. Mr. Gospeler SIMPSON and Judge
SWEENEY agreed that a handbill should be issued: but thought it might
confuse the public mind if the missing nephew and the lost umbrella were
not kept separate.

"Has either 'f you gen'l'men ever been 'n Uncle?" asked the Ritualistic
organist, with dark intensity.

They shook their heads.

"_Then,_" said Mr. BUMSTEAD, with great force,--"THEN, gen'l'men,
you-knownor-wahritis-to-lose-'n-umbrella!"

Before they could decide in their weaker minds what the immediate
connection was, he had left them, at a sharp slant, in great
intellectual disturbance, and was passing out through the entry-way with
both his hands against the wall.

Early next morning, while young Mr. PENDRAGON was locked in his room,
startled and wretched, the inconsolable uncle of EDWIN DROOD was
energetically ransacking every part of Bumsteadville for the missing
man. House after house he visited, like some unholy inspector: peering
up chimneys, prodding under carpets, and staying a long time in cellars
where there was cider. Not a bit of paper or cloth blew along the
turnpike but he eagerly picked it up, searched in it with the most
anxious care, and finally placed it in his hat. Going to the Pond, with
a borrowed hatchet, he cut a bole in the thick ice, lost the hatchet,
and, after bathing his head in the water, declared that his alpaca
nephew was not there. Finding an antique flask in one of his pockets, he
gradually removed all the liquid contents therefrom with a tubular
straw, but still could discern no traces of EDWIN DROOD. All the
live-long day he prosecuted his researches, to the great discomposure of
the populace: and, with whitewash all over the back of his coat, and
very dingy hands, had just seated himself at his own fireside in the
evening, when Mr. DIBBLE came in.

"This is a strange disappearance," said Mr. DIBBLE.

"And it was good as new," groaned the organist, with but one eye open.

"Almost new!--_what_ was?"

"Th'umbrella."

"Mr. BUMSTEAD," returned the old man, coldly, "I am not talking of an
umbrella, but of Mr. EDWIN."

"Yesh, I know," said the uncle. "Awright. I'm li'lle sleepy; tha'sall."

"I've just seen my ward, Mr. BUMSTEAD."

"'She puerwell, shir?"

"She is _not_ pretty well. Nor is Miss PENDRAGON."

"I'm vahr' sorry," said Mr. BUMSTEAD, just audibly.

"Miss PENDRAGON scorns the thought of any blame for her brother,"
continued Mr. DIBBLE, eyeing the fire.

"It had a bun-bone handle," muttered the other, dreamily. Then, with a
momentary brightening--"'scuse me, shir: whah'll y'take?"

"Nothing, sir!" was the sharp response. "I'm not at all thirsty. But
there is something more to tell you. At the last meeting of my ward and
your nephew--just before your dinner here,--they concluded to break
their engagement of marriage, for certain good reasons, and thenceforth
be only brother and sister to each other."

Starting forward in his chair, with partially opened eyes, the
white-washed and dingy Mr. BUMSTEAD managed to get off his hat, covering
himself with a bandanna handkerchief and innumerable old pieces of paper
and cloth, as he did so, from head to foot; made a feeble effort to
throw it at the aged lawyer; and then, chair and all, tumbled forward
with a crash to the rug, where he lay in a refreshing sleep.

(_To be Continued._)

       *       *       *       *       *

CHINCAPIN AT LONG BRANCH.

A QUAKER friend of mine once observed that he loved the Ocean for its
Broad Brim. So do I, but not for that alone. I am partial to it on
account of the somewhat extensive facilities it affords for Sea Bathing.
Learning to swim, by the way, was my principal Elementary study. I have
just returned from taking a plunge in company with many other
distinguished persons. How it cools one to rush into the "Boiling Surf."
How refreshing to dive Below the Billow. I don't think I could ever have
a Surfeit of the Surf, I am so fond of it. Oh! the Sea! the Sea! with
its darkly, deeply cerulean--but stop! I am getting out of my depth.
Would that I were a poet, that I--But I ain't, so what's the use?

As I sat on the verandah of the ------ Hotel the other morning, gazing
on the broad expanse of Ocean and wiping the perspiration which trickled
from my lofty brow, (the thermometer marked 90 degrees,) I could not
help recalling the beautifully appropriate lines of the celebrated bard:

    "When the sun's perpendicular rays
      Begin to illumine the Sea,
    The fishies exclaim in amaze
      'Confound it! how hot it will be!'"

What a pity that the Bathing here has a drawback. I refer, of course, to
the Under Tow, which has caused some Untoward accidents. Those who have
experienced it, say it is impossible to keep your Feet when caught by
the Under Tow. Presence of mind is indispensable in such a case, but,
unfortunately, timid swimmers are too apt to lose their Heads as well as
their feet. Some of the lady visitors are Beautiful Swimmers, and their
Divers Charms excite universal admiration. Many of these fair
Amphitrites are so constantly in or on the water that it would hardly be
a Fib to call them Amphibious. Their husbands and brothers are, I regret
to say, not so much On the Water, preferring something a trifle stronger
semi-occasionally, if not oftener.

You know what a popular amusement crabbing is here. I seldom indulge in
it myself, as I have bad luck, which makes me Crabbed.

Our "distinguished guests," as JENKINS would say, are very numerous, and
it is truly an edifying sight to see judges, legislators, eminent
politicians, and other "Heads of the People" bobbing about in the water
together.

Some folks don't seem to care what they spend when they come here, and
no sooner arrive at the Branch than they Branch out into all sorts of
extravagance. There is some superb horseflesh here just now, and the
fastest nags may be seen doing their Level best on the Smooth Beach. The
Race Track, Grand Stand, &c., are all that the vivid fancy of a
PUNCHINELLO can paint them. The bathing costumes! who can do justice to
them and their lovely wearers? Some time ago, (as I am informed,) a lady
made her appearance on the beach as a Nereid. Did you Ne'er read of the
Nereids, Mr. PUNCHINELLO? If you have, you are aware that they were the
Sea Nymphs of the Ancients, in other words the Old Maids of the Sea, who
never got married, and frequently played Scaly tricks on Mariners. The
Nereid referred to was arrayed in pea green and spangles, with green
tresses, which is very well known to be the correct costume of a mermaid
of antiquity, copied from the latest Paris fashions. This Spritely lady
was, however, unprovided with a tail, which was Unmermaidenlike in the
Extreme.

You know how brilliant the Hops are, so I will Skip them. One thing,
however, is worth noting. At some of the Hotels they have a Spread on
the carpet before the dancing begins, as well as a supper afterwards.
The excellent music of the Hotel bands is Instrumental in drawing crowds
of listeners to the Ball rooms. Some Chinese Jugglers gave an
entertainment here the other evening, but I didn't go, not being in the
Juggler Vein. Yours Reverentially,

CHINCAPIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PRUSSIC ACID.

"FIFTY DOUSAND FENIANS ARMED MID REPEATERS FOR FRANCE! LET 'EM GO!
BEESMARK WILL MAKE DEM NOT COOM PACK TO REPEAT IN DIS GOONDERY NO MORE!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.

CANTO IV.

    Little JACK HORNER
    Sat in a corner.
      Eating a Christmas Pie:
    He put in his thumb
    And pulled out a plum,
      And said, "What a brave boy am I."

In Canto I, I have shown the varied emotions which seized the tender
soul of Old Mother HUBBARD'S Dog. Emotions so fierce in their sorrow,
that they left not a single wiggle in his tail: his hopes were crushed,
his expectations ruined. In Canto II I have pictured the musical
propensities of the genus _Cat_, the wandering vagaries of the moon-dane
cow, the purp's withering contempt thereat, and the frisky evolutions of
the dish which rolled off on its ear. In Canto III I have portrayed the
"tender passion" and its melancholy result on the hill-side--a fitting
illustration of the fact that the course of true love never did run
smooth, especially if there were big rocks to knock one's toes against.
And now, in Canto IV, I am about to portray childish innocence in the
pursuit of bliss.

All things are graded, with the trifling exception of many of our
streets. But who cares about this grade of bliss? I don't, and I am sure
the poet didn't when he sang the lines at the head of this chapter.
Bliss is graded. The old man in Wall street, with white hair and white
necktie, and smooth polished tongue, has his degree of bliss when he is
engaged in throwing stones at the Apes in the tree-top, that they may
return the throw with gold cocoa-nuts. The young lady has her degree of
bliss when her waist is entwined by "Dear CHAWLES," who soothes her
troubled spirit with the tender melody of "Red as a beet is
she,"--alluding to her would-be rival. The nice young man has his degree
of bliss when he chews a tooth-pick--poor goose! (not the nice young
man, but the fowl which gave the quill,)--and is given a smile by a
dark-eyed female in a passing stage.

And Infantdom has--But our poet beautifully illustrates this in the
stanzas we have quoted.

    "Little JACK HORNER,"

says he, with the easy grace of one perfectly familiar with the subject
he is to treat; neither frightened at its immensity, nor putting himself
in the way of a dilemma by stopping to examine details. Little JACK was
the poet's pet because he was the afflicted one of the household, and
poets know full well how to sympathize with affliction. Perhaps JACK sat
down to dinner next to cross-eyed SUSAN ANN, "by Brother BILL'S gal,"
and perhaps JACK'S nose was tickled by a little blue-bottle, and that he
sneezed right into her soup-plate; and then he was hurried from the
table for blowing a fly into SUSAN ANN'S soup! He would lose his dinner.
His napkin would miss its accustomed wash!

"Shall it be thus? No!" says the poet. "Dry your tears, little JACK, go
to the well-stocked pantry, my boy, and get something to eat. The jury
will not convict you of stealing, for their verdict will be that you did
the deed in self-defence." And he did--go to the closet, and--

    "Sat in the corner,
    Eating a Christmas Pie."

See the smiles as they wreathe themselves on his chubby countenance. How
little JACK looks at the pie! how he turns it round and round to find
the best spot whereon to begin the attack! How he smacks his lips, and
thinks how nice it would be if he _could_ wish to give SUSAN ANN a
taste! But he can't.

Suddenly an idea strikes JACK. He has heard Uncle TOM talk of a big war
between Frawnce and Proossia, and all about the soldiers and the cannon,
and the big noises. Little JACK will make war on the pie. He will be
Frawnce, the pie will be Proossia. He sets it squarely before him on the
floor; rolls up his sleeves, may be; his eyes sparkle with
determination; he finds the most vulnerable spot in the crust; he makes
one bold dive with his thumb, it goes down, down down, crushing
everything before it; it feels something; renewed vigor flows through
JACK'S veins, and gives him new strength for the attack; victory crowns
him; and, in the words of the poet,

    "He pulled out a plum,
    And said, 'What a brave boy am I.'"

--Now he is happy. He has realized his fondest hopes. The blue-bottle
has no tickle for him now. He was Frawnce and he has licked Proossia.
There is nothing left but the plate, and his teeth are not hard enough
for that.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Hooray for the Impurrur!"

The ardor with which our Milesian element embraces the cause of France
furnishes a puzzle for many thoughtful minds; and yet its solution is
simple. In planning a passage of the Rhine, LOUIS NAPOLEON proposes to
BRIDGET. That's all.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Roland for his Oliver.

OLIVER DYER, of the _Sun_, is the original "Dyer Necessity that
knows no law."

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

And now comes to light another divorce case in Chicago. Mrs. HUGG sues
Mr. HUGG for a decree _e vinculo matrimonii_. If there is anything in a
name, no one will gainsay the observation that if hugging has lost its
charm, Mrs. HUGG is the last person to make a fuss about it. She took
her HUGG with a full knowledge of the circumstances, and it is contrary
to public policy and good morals that her plea of "hugged out" should
enable her to obtain the remedy which she seeks.

In France they do not wait for the completion of the years of
adolescence to dub a scion of the royal family with the title of "man."
The Prince Imperial, prior to his departure for the wars, was presented
at Court as the "first gentleman" of France. For a youth of fourteen he
is said to have gone through the trying ceremonies with great credit
until directed by his mamma to dance with a venerable female of noble
blood, just as he was about to lend a beautiful American miss through
the mazes of a Schottische. The son of his father took one glance at the
ancient dame, and one at the lovely creature beside him, and then set up
a right royal blubber of disappointment.

"Remember, my son," said EUGENIE, "you are a man now, and men never
cry."

"Oh! mamma," sighed the afflicted Prince, "let me be a boy again, rather
than dance with _cette vieille_ yonder!"

Alas! for the ambition of monarchs, who put forward their beardless
progeny to do the deeds of men, and to suffer with men's fortitude, when
they are more fit to be puling in a nurse's arms, or unravelling silk
skeins for some maid of honor.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

It was hot when Mr. PUNCHINELLO started for Niagara. So hot that no
allusions to Fahrenheit would give an idea of the tremendous
preponderance of caloric in the atmosphere. The trip was full of
discomforts, and there was great danger, at one time, that the train
would arrive at Niagara with a load of desiccated bodies. Of course the
water all boiled away in the engine-tanks, causing endless stoppages;
and of course the hot sun, pouring directly upon the roof of the cars,
caused the boards thereof to curl up and twist about in such fantastic
fashion, that they afforded no protection whatever to the passengers,
who were obliged to resort to sunshades and umbrellas, or get under the
seats. Added to this were the facts that the ice-water in the coolers
scalded the mouth; the brass-work on the seats blistered the hands; and
the empty stoves, almost red-hot from their exposure to the sun,
superheated the cars to a degree that was maddening. Added to these was
the fact that the intense heat expanded the rails until they were
several miles longer than usual, and thus the passengers suffered the
tortures of the transit for an increased length of time.

When, at last, Mr. P. was conveyed, in a stifling hack, (the fare had
risen, under the unusual circumstances, about one hundred and ten
degrees,) to a stifling little room under the hot roof of an hotel
exposed to the sun on every side, and had taken an extempore Russian
bath while changing his linen, and had partaken of a hot dinner, he
might have been excused for saying that he would like to cool off a
little.

Inquiring if there was any stream of water convenient, he was directed
to the river Niagara, which runs hard by the hotel.

Reaching the banks of the river, Mr. P. was very much pleased by the
prospect. There is a considerable depression in the bed of the stream at
one point, and the water runs over the rocks quite rapidly, carrying
with it such leaves, twigs, steamboats or other objects that may be
floating upon its surface.

Mr. P. immediately perceived the advantages of this condition of things
to a a gentleman suffering from the heat, and procuring a boat, he rowed
close to the foot of a cascade formed by the inclination in the bed of
the river, and throwing out his anchor, revelled in the luxury of the
cool spray and the refreshing sound of the rushing water.

[Illustration]

Does not this look cool?

When sufficiently refreshed, Mr. P. rowed to shore, feeling like another
man. With the greatest confidence in its merits, he recommends his plan
to those who may be suffering from the summer heat.

After breakfast the next morning, Mr. P. set out to see what he could
see. He did not engage the services of any hackman or professional
guide.

He had heard of their extortions, and determined to submit to nothing of
the kind. He intended relying entirely upon himself. He walked some
distance without meeting with any of the places of interest of which he
had heard so much.

Meeting at length with a respectable elderly gentleman, Mr. P. inquired
of him the way to the Cave of the Winds.

"The Cave of the Winds? Ah!" said this worthy person. "You turn to your
left here, sir--ah! and then you keep on for about--ah! half a mile, and
you will--ah! see a gate--ah! Behind that is a man and the cave--ah!"

Mr. P. thanked him and was proceeding on his way, when the worthy
citizen touched him on the arm, saying:

"Twenty-one dollars, if you please, sir."

"Twenty-one dev----developments!" cried Mr. P; "Why, what do you mean?"

"Information, sir; fifty cents a word; forty-two words; twenty-one
dollars."

It must not be supposed that Mr. P. submitted tamely to this outrage,
but after a long dispute, it was agreed to refer the matter to the
arbitration of three of the principal citizens. They promptly decided
that the charge was just and must be paid, but, owing to Mr. P.'s
earnest protestations, they agreed to throw out the "ahs," as being of
doubtful value as information. The sum thus saved to Mr. P. exactly paid
for drinks for the party.

Mr. P. now very sensibly concluded that it was about time to leave, if
his editors, his printers, and the employes in his pun-factory were to
expect any pay that week, and so he set out for home in the evening,
taking a shortcut by the way of Montreal.

He thought that a day might be very profitably spent here, especially if
he could fall in with any of the French-Canadians, of whose
peculiarities he had heard so much. The study of human nature was always
Mr. P.'s particular forte.

On the morning of his arrival, Mr. P. met, in the dining-room of the
hotel, a gentleman who was unmistakably a Frenchman, and being in
Canada, was probably Canadian. As they were sitting together at the
table, Mr. P., having mentally rubbed up his knowledge of the French
language, addressed his companion thus:

"_Avez-vous le chapeau de mon frere?_"

The gentleman thus politely addressed, bowed, smiled, and after a little
hesitation answered:

"_Non, Monsieur; mais jai le fromage de votre soeur._"

"_Eh bien_" said Mr. P., as he scratched his head for a moment. "_Otez
vous vos souliers et vos bas?_"

The other answered promptly, "_Je n'ote ni les uns ni les autres._"

"_Votre pere,_" remarked Mr. P., "_a-t-il la chandelle de votre oncle?_"

His companion remained silent for a minute or two, and then he said:

"I forget the French of the answer to that, but I know the English of
it; it is 'no, sir, but he has the apples-of-the-ground-of-sugar of my
mother-in-law.'"

When Mr. P. discovered, after a little conversation in the vernacular,
that his companion was a New York dry-goods clerk, he gave up the study
of the French-Canadian character and went on with his breakfast.

When he went out into the streets to see the lions of the city he was
delighted to meet with some old friends. In company with them he visited
the Government House; the Cathedral; the Statue of NELSON; the VICTORIA
bridge; and everything else of interest in the place. But nothing was so
delightful to him as the faces of these old friends, from whom he had
been separated so long.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: When, at last, they left him, he returned sadly to New
York.]

       *       *       *       *       *

IDIOTIC ITEMS.

On Tuesday last one of the swans in Central Park laid a hen's egg.

A celebrated English professor of heraldry is now at Long Branch,
studying the crests of the waves.

Dr. LIVINGSTONE is no longer a white man. The large colored princess
whom he has been compelled to marry has beaten him black and blue.

Louis NAPOLEON'S first bulletin about the war was the bullet in the
pocket of NAP Junior.

An intelligent cordwainer of this city has invented a bathing shoe to
fit the under-toe at Long Branch.

The lock of the writing-desk made with his own hands by LOUIS NAPOLEON,
at Hoboken, has been presented to the Empress EUGENIE by a gentleman
residing at Union Hill, in exchange for a lock of her Majesty's hair.

Yesterday, while three eminent Wall street brokers--names, BROWN, JONES,
and ROBINSON--were engaged in watering stock, they fell in and were
drowned. Loss fully covered by insurance.

CARL FORMES is oddly reported to have lost his Bass voice through over
indulgence in lager-beer. He drank a barrel of beer a day, and his voice
has now become a barrel organ.

In France the _Marseillaise_ has become the national Him; while, in
Prussia, BISMARCK is decidedly the national Herr.

A French paper has an article respecting certain musical fishes found in
the Indian Seas, They ought to be engaged for PIKE'S Opera House.

The annual panther, weighing 8 ft., 9 inches, from snout to tip of tail,
and measuring 213 lbs., has just been killed in the Adirondacks by a
reporter.

       *       *       *       *       *

POLITICAL CLAPTRAP.

The sympathy exhibited by the _Sun_ reporters and editors for the
unhappy victim of Ogre Tammany is particularly touching.

Association with the Wickedest Man in New York, the Honorable JOHN
ALLEN, _protege_ of the Reverend OLIVER DYER, has evidently demoralized
the pure beings who control the immaculate sheet known as the _Sun_,
whose putrescent light "shines for all."

These panders to the depraved taste of a depraved portion of the
community, may exult in the spectacle presented in the City of New York
on Sunday, the 7th inst., but is it not a sorrowful thing in a so-called
Christian land to see a murderer borne with triumph to his grave, while
pseudo philanthropists deck his bier with flowers, and deliberately
charge a great political party with having hunted the wretched man to
his death?

Was there no nobler game worth the killing by Tammany? Was there not a
"stag of Ten" to be found, to be struck, if party necessities required
it? Would OAKEY HALL and PETER B. SWEENY put such a slight upon these
bastard allies of the O'BRIENS and MORRISSEYS whose columns are open to
the highest bidder, and whose lips reek venom while their hands are ever
ready to strike a victim in the back, as to pass them by while they were
on the war-path?

But hold--perhaps we have a clue to this singular conduct of the Tammany
warriors. They may have foreseen how apt the sweet people are to confer
immortality upon those whose death becomes them better than their life,
and therefore wisely forebore to disturb those blissful with murderers
and felons which seem to bind the Satellites of the _Sun_ and the
denizens of the Tombs together.

       *       *       *       *       *

SUMMER ON THE CATSKILLS,

BY REGALIA REYNA.


I.

    O thou Mount Katskill! whom I now survey
    In roseate brightness of the new-born day,
    To thee my thankfulness I would convey,
          For self and crowd;
    Who from the glare and hum of hot
          Financial lives,
    Have sought repose upon thy wondrous crest, and
          Brought our wives--
    I gaze upon thy placid brow, where storms do
          Reckless rage,
    Forgetful of the storms of life, and Mister
          BEACH's stage.

II.

    I gaze upon thy beauteous vistas
          Far and wide;
    I see the day-break beautifully paint thy
          Rugged side:
    I see AURORA show the panorama
          Night did hide:
    I see the lazy Hudson grad-u-
          Ally glide,
    Reluctant to abandon thee, and seek
          The salt sea tide.
    I think almost excusingly of that tough
          Two dollar ride;
    And only for my wallet's sake, I longer
          Would abide.

III.

    Nature has kindly gifted thee with meadow,
          Lake and dell,
    And for the Falls of Kauterskill I know no
          Parallel:
    Humanity has crowned thee with this festive
          Gay Hotel,
    Where Fame and Fashion eager wait to hear
          Thy dinner bell:
    O Mount! O view! thy beauties now I can no
          Longer tell,
    For, after breakfast, I must say--O Katskill!
          Fare thee well!
    And leave thee--in one of those abominable stages,
          "which I wish it"
              Was in H------eaven!

       *       *       *       *       *

Extraordinary Ledger-demain.

The Soldiers' Monument at Cambridge is the result of the combined
efforts of CYRUS and DARIUS COBB, whereas, SYLVANUS, alone and
unassisted, is able to raise, every week, a tall column on the surface
of the _N.Y. Ledger._

       *       *       *       *       *

Censor of the Press.

The unfortunate official who sought reliable information, the other day,
respecting the age and immense property possessions of PUNCHINELLO, on
comparing his notes subsequently, remarked to a friend that he felt as
if he had temporarily lost his Census.

       *       *       *       *       *

Appropriate.

DANA, of the _Sun_, is about to open an undertaker's establishment for
the arrangement of murderer's obsequies. Motto--"Pinking done here."

       *       *       *       *       *

The Wrong Mouth.

A LITTLE Fourth-of-Julyer in Pittsburgh, going along with his mouth
open, (after the manner of boys), caught a fire-cracker therein, just as
the cracker was going off. He had often had crackers in his mouth, but
preceding ones had proved nourishing and non-explosive; whereas, this
cracker was quite the reverse. As a consequence, the boy has lost his
voice, but (what is curious, certainly,) is otherwise all sound.

Were we certain that heaving a fire-cracker into an open mouth would
always produce such a result, we should certainly hire some one to shut
up the noisier of our public nuisances--such as G.F. TRAIN, and several
members of Congress. This could be easily done, as their mouths are
always open, and usually are very large ones. We invite proposals from
boys, relating to next season's operations.

       *       *       *       *       *

Theft Extraordinary.

A weekly journal gravely informs a correspondent that "the line, 'A
thing of beauty is a joy forever,' occurs in TUPPER's _Proverbial
Philosophy_."

Shades of the poets! More than fifty years ago, JOHN KEATS commenced a
poem called "Endymion," with that very line. To think that he should
have gone and borrowed it from TUPPER!

       *       *       *       *       *

Politician's Plant.

See WEED.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration:

THE LATEST MELODRAMATIC DODGE OF A PLAYED-OUT POLITICIAN.

PROMPTER DANA, OF THE "SUN," GIVES THE CUE TO A _REAL_ SKELETON.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Conversion of the "Sun."

It was said of Bishop COLENSO that he "undertook to convert a Zulu
Kaffir, but the Z. K. converted him."

Such a circumstance may be fallen upon without going so far as Africa to
seek for it. JOHN ALLEN, of Water Street, was, once upon a time, the
Zulu Kaffir of DANA of the _Sun_ and his fascinating Satellite, OLIVER
DYER.

The ways of JOHN ALLEN were very wicked when these pious
missionaries threw themselves upon his trail, and tried to convert him.
Perhaps the reformatory effort was well meant; but, alas! for the
feebleness of all human arrangements--JOHN ALLEN remains the reprobate
he was, while he to his flock has brought DANA, the _Sun_ man, and DYER,
the Satellite man, converts to the Allenian theory that money made from
dirt is the only healthful stimulant to virtuous toil.

And so it was that DANA the devout, and DYER the saintly, went forth to
convert the Zulu Kaffir of Water Street, and the Z. F. converted them.

       *       *       *       *       *

Ready for Another Heat.

The horses of PHOEBUS.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Royal Game.

The ex-queen of Spain fears that ALFONSO will be "euchred." She remarked
to him recently, Play you're king.

       *       *       *       *       *

CONTEMPORARY SENTIMENTS,

On the Great War Question.

    "WILLIAM'S my man!" cries one enthusiast,--
      "He'll be in Paris, _sure_, within ten days!"
    "'Paris' your Granny!" cries one just as fast;
      "'Ere that, man! you'll see Berlin in a blaze!"

    "France has the finest soldiers ever seen!"
      Says one who knows; "they never can be beat!"
    One who knows also, says, "the French are green!
      Their only real strength is in their fleet!"

    "Oh, hang their fleet!" exclaims another man;
      "It's useless now,--it has no work to do!
    But let France use her navy all she can,
      You'll see if Prussia doesn't put her through!"

    "Prussia ain't able!" cries an eager one:
      "Let her drink all the lager in her shops,
    She'll find the little job is not yet done,
      For all there's such enormous strength in hops!"

    "And if there's any danger comes to France,"
      Remarks the seventh man, "_Ireland_ will arise!"
    "And if she does, old England will advance!"
      The eighth (an Englishman,) with pride replies.

    And so they have it hot, for half a day,--
      First A., then B., then C. and D. at once,
    And thus the precious moments roll away,
      And none can tell who is the greatest dunce.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Aldermen to their Dinner.

Gorge us!

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE OVATION OF MURDER.

_The Devil, (soliloquizing.)_ "NEW YORK'S THE PLACE FOR ME! THIS IS WHAT
I CALL _REAL_ ENJOYMENT--A MURDERER'S FUNERAL PROCESSION GRANDER FAR
THAN THAT OF ANY GREAT AND GOOD CITIZEN, AND THIS IN A CITY OF
SUNDAY-SCHOOLS AND CHURCHES!". _(The Devil's Walk: Sunday, August 7,
1870.)_]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN AT THE FEMALE CONVENTION.

The Cardiff Giant and other Fossils at Saratoga.

      "Duble, duble, heaps of truble,
      Wimmen's rites will bust the bubble."

      SHAKESPEAR. (WM.)

The wolves in sheeps clothin' convenshed agin for an annual rippin' up
of things, at Saratogy.

The undersined, in custody of the undersined's wife, who is a
Hicockalormn of the Skeensboro Sore-eye-sisses, was present at the
singin' of the above selection from the defunct bard.

Male and femail wimmen was there dressed emblamatical of their callin'.

      "Black folks and white
      With red hair and gray,
      Mingled for a fite
      In Sar-a-to-ga."        SHAKESPEAR & GREEN.

SOOZAN B. ANTHENY was scrumpshusly ragged out in broad-cloth.

A turkish towellin' vest-pattent lether butes and silk hat, completed
her _Toot in cymbals_.

ERNEST L. ROZE wore a nobby scotch cassimer soot. She carried a cane and
wore her hair parted in the middle.

Mrs. RUBE PHENTON--MARTHY WRITE--O'LIMPING BROWN--SARY FILLEO--Mrs.
DEXTER NOLTON--LILLY DEVERS BLAKE--SARY HALLEK--FEBEE CAREY, and other
prominent Fireside agitaters and Herthstun depopulaters, were becominly
araid, and did gustise to their tailors.

PHREDRICK DOUGLIS, a firey broonet from Rochester, looked bewitchin' in
a _more anteek_ silk dress.

A camels hair overskirt hung grasefully over his loins. Peepin' out from
beneath his robes, was a delicate little foot, encased in a flesh
cullered pair of No. 11 buckskin mocasins.

His hair was done up in a 2 bushel waterfall, and was frizzled all over,
_a lar Ethiope_.

EDWIN A. STUDWELL, of Brooklyn, looked stunnin' in a granny Dean walkin'
dress and red cotton umbreller.

His back hair was tempestously arranged.

A couple of bolony sassiges, in a hily chawed up state, hung pendent
from the aft of his gorgeous waterfall, and dangled to his heels, _a lar
cheapee John_,

When approached by that great captivater of susseptible hearts (?)
SOOZAN B. ANTHENY, ED blushed like a red-headed woodpecker, and hid his
modesty behind a $4.00 palm leaf fan.

STEVE GRISWOLD, DAN KETCHAM and a few other manikins, was dressed
accordin' to the prevailin' fashions of the feminin sects.

A good cleen shave would have completed their disgize, and folks
woulden't have had a suspicion but what they was what they was actin' to
be.

I was shocked to hear one audacious retch remark:

"Them chaps look like a lot of hen-peckt broken furniture."

    "Come, sisters, cheer we up his sprites
    And show the best of femail spites,
    So teach that horrid critter, man,
    We'll swaller him hul, when ere we can."      1ST WITCH.

SOOZAN B. was elected chairman.

On takin' her seat she said:

"My femail friends by birth, and my femail friends by brevet;"

"We have convenshed for the purpuss of having our rites redressed----"

A voice: "Haden't you better go home and redress yourselves first?"

The whole convention was onto their feet in a second, while the chairman
fell into her seet and regained her composure, by takin' a good helthy
pinch of scotch snuff.

Quiet bein' restored, a Mrs. GAGE riz to her feet, and, removin' a chew
of tobacker from her mouth, read the follerin' resolutions:

Whereas: 2 National Wimmen's Suffrage Circus are industrously plyin'
their vocation.

Whereas: A effort is afoot to jine 'em together under the same tent.

Now be it resolved: We don't perceeve it in them sunbeams. The New York
State Suffrage Circus is able to paddle her own stone bote. Bosting to
the contrary not-with-out-standin'-up.

Resolved finally: We is the original JACOBS, and if Bosting don't like
the cut of our Jib, let her lump it.

(Grate applaws.)

A strange lookin' woman, who wore a swaller tail cote, red the follerin
resolutions:

Whereas: Woman has a spear, it hain't to cook vittles--darn
stockin's--tend baby and try to make her husbin happy.

Whereas: Man is a brute--woman an angle. Man can vote--woman can't.

Resolved: That as long as man won't give us the ballit, that after Jan.,
1871, every mail brat that comes squawkin' into the world, be smothered
the minnit he is borned.

Resolved: That when the mail rase is extinguished, the superior critter,
woman, take peaceable possession of the ballit box.

These resolutions was vociferously cheered, Mrs. GREEN becomin' so
exsited that she whacked me over the head with her parasol in a most
ongentlemanly manner.

(N.B.--I would heer state that I'me a Resistanter agin femail suffrage.

Give woman the 16th Commendment and we can cry "peece" ontil our
wind-pipes are collored, but not a darned bit of peece will we git,
except occashunly a peece is nockt off of our snoot, for refusin' to get
up early Monday mornin's to do the washin'.)

At the above juncture of the proceedin's, the Cardiff Jiant, who is
spendin' the summer at this selebrated waterin' place, entered the room.

The old feller had heard of this grate Fossil Convenshun.

As the distinguished fraud entered the room, cheers filled the air.

Members in exstasy jumped up onto the benches--stood on their
heads--threw their false teeth all about the floor, and acted like a lot
of Rocky Mountain injuns, chock full of New England rum.

Silents was restored by tossin' a live man to the exsited Amazons, whom
they tore to peeces, partly satisfyin' their cravin' appetites.

Old GIPSUM then _oratoricised_ as viz.:

"Feller Fossils: This is indeed the most momentous event I've attended
since I left Onondagar.

"When COTTON MATHER came over in the Grate Eastern, he sent out a dove to
see if the Pilgrims, would allow her to pick any flowers off of Plymouth
Rock.

"What was the result of that experiment?

"Why, the dove coulden't find any rest for the soul of her shoo; for
Plymouth Rocks were thicker than Cardiff Jiants. That base man, BARNUM,
had taken plaster casts of the old rock, and there wasen't a town along
the coast, but what had its 'original Plymouth Rock.'

"The dove, not bein' a good judge of genuine stuns, made her "Shoo fly"
back to the old ark, and told her tail. Therefore, I ask as a personal
favor, seein' that BARNUM sarved me same's he did old Plymouth Rock,
that when this august assemblage of Fossilized human bein's comes down
onto the mail portion of the U. States, old P.T. be turned over to us.
I'le make him think he's got straddle his wooly hoss, and an army of
mermades was after him with red hot pitchforks.

"Grant me this favor, and when the fite of the Amazons begins, you can
count on me to hold your bonnets."

Amid tremenjus applaus old Fort Dodger squatted.

Letters were then read from the Cohoes Mastodon--ARTEMAS WARD'S wax
figgers--the wooly hoss--a miselaneous lot of Egipshun Mummies, and
THEODOR TILTIN--regrettin' their inability to attend the Fossil
Convention.

HORRIS GREELY was then anathemized, BEN BUTLER--Senator WILSON--and GEO.
FRANCIS TRAIN Ulogized.

Resolutions were offered that Congressman MORRISEY be pulverized, by
some talented femail startin' a opposition club house, employin' none
but Tigers of the gentle sects.

After a few more summer complaint speeches agin that Horrible!
Bloodthirsty! 2 legged Monkster, MAN!! the annual Hen convention of
Antideluvian Fossils tide up their bonnet strings--took their husbans
under their off arm--walked down to Congress Spring.

The witches who dipp up the mineral fluid danced about the cauldron,
while the President of the company spyin' the Femails approachin'
remarked:

    "By the prickin' of my thumb
    Somethin' wicked this way comes."

The above, Friend PUNCHINELLO, was as seen by,

Ewers faithfully,

HIRAM GREEN,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece_.

       *       *       *       *       *

Birds of Passage.

The African ostrich is sometimes trained to carry passengers on his
back, but the player of "our national game" is often seen "going out on
a Foul."

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A VERY NECESSARY PRECAUTION.]

       *       *       *       *       *

BLOCKS AND BLOCKHEADS.

Mr. Punchinello: As the acknowledged redresser of American wrongs and
the enemy of public nuisances, we beg your attention to a vice which
seems to be upon the increase, and which grows in strength with what it
feeds upon. As the vice in question appears to be upon the increase, and
to fascinate its victims by the allurements of the excitement, we
consider it worthy of PUNCHINELLO'S lance, or, in other words, of being
transfixed upon PUNCHINELLO'S quill.

We refer to the loafing which invariably takes place upon the occasion
of the relaying of the wooden pavement. I say wooden more particularly,
inasmuch as new fangled varieties of pavement, such as Concrete,
Nicholson, etc., although they have their day, cannot be said to compete
for a moment in public regard with the good old fashioned kind first
described.

Of all the causes that arrest public attention, surely this laying of
wooden pavement is the most enduring and effectual.

People of every grade and degree make a dead halt as they approach this
centre of interest, and at once settle down for a prolonged inspection
of the works before them. It is true that everybody has seen the same
thing one hundred and fifty times, but this description of indulgence
appears to grow by what it feeds upon, and the fascinated victim watches
the operation of the workers with a gratification which knows no
abatement. The usual formula gone through upon these occasions is as
follows:

Citizen approaches the scene of interest, and sees crowds of spectators
upon each side; he glances at the workmen, and, after taking stock of
both them and the overseer, proceeds to read the opinion of his fellows
in their faces, after which he settles down in right earnest with his
hands in his pockets for a prolonged stare. This latter may continue for
periods varying from ten minutes to an hour and three quarters,
according to inclination or opportunity.

If the spectator is a man of business, it is just possible that he may
content himself with measuring the size of the blocks with his eye, and
then pass on, content to know that he, as one out of many taxpayers, is
getting the value of what they are called on to pay for. But with the
mass of the onlookers, the pouring of the hot pitch into the gravelled
interstices is watched with a satisfaction ever new, like that bestowed
in the pantomime upon the application by the clown of the red-hot poker.

There is also the pleasure of seeing others at hard work, and the
indulgence of everybody's belief (which is common to all present,) that
he or she could suggest an improvement upon the work proceeding, and the
manner of doing it. Then they look at each other once more and depart
contented.

Upon a moderate calculation, the amount of time devoted by human beings
to this amusing study, in the City of New York, amounts to 2,450,000
hours per annum.

       *       *       *       *       *

ENGLAND'S QUANDARY.

Conjecture and expectancy, O PUNCHINELLO! have been the order of the day
in this European turmoil, with regard to the position of what are called
neutral Powers. People have been looking at England with much curiosity
to see what she really does intend. With the facilities which our
_special wire_ affords, I am enabled to report a highly interesting
soliloquy delivered by the Rt. Hon. W. E. GLADSTONE, to his bed-post, at
his home in Spring Gardens, London, after a hot night's debate at St.
STEPHEN'S. Our reporter concealed himself in the key-hole and took
_verbatim_ notes. As in the case of the speeches delivered by the rival
monarchs to their armies, which you published a week in advance of the
speeches themselves, the following can be relied on:

"I'm tired of answering questions. Let me think awhile. Is war the only
alternative? They blame me for not talking out. Fools, they don't know
where they stand. At home and abroad, difficulty. Our workmen
emigrating; the Irish irreconcilable, (curse that word!) nothing
cheerful that side.

"France can rock _her_ irreconcilables to sleep to the war lullaby of
that man we have so trusted only to betray us; _our_ irreconcilables
only wait for war to side with our enemy. Prussia, grasping bull-dog as
she is, makes capital out of it, and calls us to her side, while our
stupid people burn with a Prussian fever, which may turn to a plague
to-morrow.

"Is the Prussian whom we have helped to humble to be our only ally? Then
must we write ourselves down asses in Constantinople.

"If we had some other head besides weather-cock expediency. France has
an Emperor, Prussia a King to lead them; we have a Queen who takes walks
in the Isle of Wight; and her son--bah! a _roue_ about town. Their
marriage alliances are drag-chains, not bonds of love. Denmark does not
forget our treachery in '65. Holland is afraid of France. We are safe
from America yet. They are too much afraid of the German vote, thank
Heaven, to side with France, but "Alabama" is her watchword, and she
only waits to strangle us. LAFAYETTE and the Hessians are only memories,
they have no votes. Ah! it was a mistake to sympathize with the South.

"Our statesmen--Heaven save the mark!--are our worst enemies. D'ISRAELI,
the Jew, doubles our difficulty by showing our weakness. He would play
the part of PITT without his brains or his chances. Then we led, now we
are dragged at the tail. We may sign treaties, but we cannot write them.
BRIGHT would be friendly with both; GRANVILLE with neither, and thus
each is offended. It is ridiculous, and the only course left is to
bluster about Belgium.

"It must be the late dinner. There are all sorts of threatening shadows
around, and but one light; that is a war flame. Let me sleep. To-morrow
the gaping thousands will ask a sign. It may come, but it shall be
hoisted on the Rhine, and, helpless tide waiters, we cannot tell from
which side it shall come. Ah! 'Uneasy sits the man on the ministerial
bench,' as SHAKESPEARE would say to-day, for the crown that he spoke of
is an ornament in the tower."

REPORTER

       *       *       *       *       *

Magnetic

Polish soldiers should choose the needle gun. The needle is always
true to the Pole.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A CAPITAL HINT FOR OUR STATIONARY STREET MUSICIANS, IF
THEY WANT TO MAKE MONEY. ]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE LEAVEN OF LEAVENWORTH.

The great West has long been famous for the loose, untrammelled freedom
with which its inhabitants treat everything and everybody. Breadth, no
less than length, is a striking feature of Western settlements, and that
this element is conspicuous in the journalism of those singular abodes,
no less than in the social life of their inhabitants, generally, is
evidenced in the following advertisement cut from "_The Times_"--a paper
published at Leavenworth, Kansas:

"NOTICE TO DRIVERS OF FAST STOCK.--Hold your horses and do not drive so
fast. All gay and festive cusses caught driving faster than ordinary
gait in the city, will be brought before Judge Vaughan, for instance--the
fine is $20.

H. A. ROBERTSON, City Marshal."

The City Marshal of Leavenworth is clearly a pot-companion of the first
(whiskey and) water. He declines to address his fellow-citizens in the
commonplace terms usually recognised in more prosaic communities. To
adopt his own style of phraseology, ROBERTSON is clearly a "gay and
festive cuss." He is a specimen brick from Kansas, and doubtless always
carries one in his hat. The expression "ordinary gait," as applied to
driving in Kansas, where everybody owns "fast stock," is rather
equivocal in these quieter latitudes to be sure, but we may guess that,
at Leavenworth, a man who rides or drives at a pace of twenty miles an
hour, is liable, "for instance," to a fine of $20, or just one dollar
per mile. Kansas maybe a very nice place to live in, for some people,
but we would hardly recommend Mr. ROBERT BONNER to emigrate thither, and
so risk the probability of being advertised as a "gay and festive cuss."

       *       *       *       *       *

SHIP AHOY!

Of all public performers, there are none who "draw" better than the
gymnasts who risk their necks by attempting hazardous feats. The fool
who attaches himself by the heels to the car of an ascending balloon is
sure to have thousands of feeble-minded females waving handkerchiefs at
him. BLONDIN, the great French tomfool, brought more people to Niagara
Falls to see him, possibly, add a new Fall to the prospect, than ever
the Falls themselves did. And when another donkey announces that he is
going to stand upon his head on the point of a church spire, that church
is sure to be thronged--outside. These performances, and all of their
sort, should be made punishable, and will probably be so when a hundred
or two performers shall have been killed, in addition to those who have
already suffered.

Not nearly so exciting as performances of the kind referred to, though,
perhaps, quite as rash, are the ocean voyages occasionally essayed by
tiny, toy ships. One of these--the _Red, White and Blue_--is announced
as about to start upon a "voyage round the world." We wish her our best
wishes, and hope she may get round in the roundest way and time. One of
her first stopping places, though, as we see, is Martha's Vineyard. Our
advice to the skipper of the toy ship, is to go no further than that
delightful haven of rest. MARTHA. will cherish her as a chimney
ornament, or give her to her kids to play with--and nobody will be hurt.

       *       *       *       *       *

Two Renderings.

_Finis coronat opus:_--The end crowns the work.

_Finis coroner opus:_--There is plenty of work for the Coroner, but
the "end" does not always appear to be gained.

All of which is respectfully submitted to the investigators of murder
in this city.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Modern Monks of La Trappe.

The Coroner, the Assistant District-Attorney, and certain other
officials who have been trying the "trap" game on the witnesses examined
in the NATHAN murder case.

       *       *       *       *       *

Results of Silver Stock.

1. The dream is ore.

2. Never mined.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE. ]

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_Englishman, London._--You have lost your wager. Ohio is not the capital
of Indiana.

_Stranger, New York City._--When you get lost in our streets and do not
know where you are, it is a good plan to seek information from a
policeman. If he does not know where you are, come directly to the
office of PUNCHINELLO.

_Antiquary._--"The Last of the Barons" was a term applied to an
implement used by the ancient shoemakers. The pedal members of the old
English barons were of a peculiar aristocratic conformation, and lasts
were made expressly for them. This is a curious fact not generally
known.

_Ploughboy_ finds the following remark in Mr. GREELEY'S thirtieth What,
and asks explanation.

"So with regard to Carrots. I have never achieved success in growing
these nor Beets."

We infer that the meaning is, With regard to carrots, sow them. "These
nor Beets" are probably a new variety. They may have come from Norfolk,
but more "presumably" they were found in Alaska.

_Metaphysician, Cloudland._--Your article on the "Psychical Basis of
Objective Existence" is excellent. Look out for it in the "Juvenile
Department" of our Christmas number.

_Grammarian._--The expression "We ain't got none" is manifestly
incorrect. It has two negatives. "We ain't got any" is by far more
elegant.

_Wager_ says that A. made a bet with B. that he could cut a dime in two
at one stroke of his pen-knife, C. to hold the stakes. A. took a
ten-cent "scrip" and chopped it in two with his blade. Meantime C.
walked away with the stake money. Who won? _Answer._--The bet is off. C.
is also off, but no better, and neither A. or B. is any better off.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: NOTES ON THE FERRY.

_Gushington, (with the pipe.)_ "SHE SMILED ON ONE OF US, I'LL SWEAR."

_Spindle_. "PERHAPS; BUT WHAT'S A SMILE? A POSITIVE NOD FOR ME, OR
NOTHING!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

AERATED VERBIAGE.

An Every-day Romance.

CHAPTER I.

In a room in a palatial tenement house in Avenue D, stood GILBERT
FERNANDE FROU FROU SNOGGS. G.F.F.F.S. was rampant.

"Why?" you say.

Gentle reader, hurry me not. Let the tale wag on. She was talking to her
mamma.

"Now," said G.F.F.F.S., "I prognosticated that my maternal relative
would become oblivions of my reiterated solicitations to perambulate the
Avenue, and make the acquisition of four yards of cerulean hued ribbon,"
and she stamped her tiny number eights on the floor.

You will notice that, even in her anger, she did not forget her English.

"You can purchase it on the morrow," replied her mamma.

"I will not remain acquiescent. I will promenade upon my profluence to
Sixth Avenue, and purchase the ceruleous ribbon immediately," said
G.F.F.F.S., putting on her waterproof and sun-bonnet.

Her mother pointed to the paternal turnip, which hung over the mantel,
and showed her that old Time was "doing stunts" at 10-1/2.

But G.F.F.F.S. was obstinate. She put on her chignon, her curls, her
breast elevator, her bustle, her high-heeled shoes, a little rouge, a
little whiting and a bit of court-plaster, and sallied forth, down the
dumb-waiter to the cellar, and thence, through the ash-hole, to the
street.

CHAPTER II.

The deed was done!!! The purchase was made find G.F.F.F.S. walked
towards her palatial paternal mansion. She felt slightly timid, for, as
she looked at the heavens, she saw that ARCTURUS, who had been playing
tag with CASTOR and POLLUX all the evening, had reached hunk, the Great
Bear. From the astronomical knowledge which she had acquired at the
Vavasour Female Academy, she knew that the paternal turnip now pointed
to the witching hour of 11-1/2.

Suddenly she found herself surrounded by a party of bandits, (she
thought she was in Greece, but she was only in the 19th Ward.)

They seized her.

"Not a word," said the leader. "Your money or your life."

Now G.F.F.F.S. had lots of life and very little money, so she could
hardly determine whether to give up some of her life or all of her
money.

"Illustrious banditti," said she, "the auriferous contents of my
reticulated depository are notable for minuteness. Be conservators of my
pullulating existence."

"I say, TOM," said the leader, "what's her little game?"

"It sounds like Irish," said TOM.

"Hand over your stamps," said the leader.

G.F.F.F.S. slowly drew out her net purse, when suddenly the robbers
fled. G.F.F.F.S. felt that her hero had come, and, like all the
ARAMINTAS in the novels, she fainted and was caught in the arms of--

CHAPTER III.

The author tried to persuade the editor to allow him to write "to be
continued" after the last thrilling chapter, but the editor was
inexorable, hence this chapter, "in the arms of"--a little red-headed
policeman.

G.F.F.F.S. smiled gently, but, as soon as she had opened her eyes, and
had cast them on the red head, freckled face, pug-nose, and little eyes
of MIKE MCFLYNN, she sprang to her feet. It was better than forty
gallons of hartshorn. She had wasted a faint.

"_Perdidi animi deliquium_," said she.

"Mother of MOSES, but you was heavy!" said MCFLYNN.

But she did not wait, and a pair of number eight shoes might have been
seen by an inquisitive reporter, cutting around the corners and stamping
up seven flights of stairs.

MORAL.

When the paternal turnip solemnly points to 10-1/2, G.F.F.F.S. puts her
number eights on the mantel, looks reflectively at a sore-eyed kitten,
and falls into polysyllables.

       *       *       *       *       *

HOMODEIFICATION.

Late advices from China convey the intelligence that the
American-Chinese General WARD, who died in the service of the Celestial
empire, has been postmortuarily brevetted to the rank of a "major god,"
and is now regularly worshipped as such by JOHN PIGTAIL.

Possibly the antithesis to this may turn up on the cards, here. In the
course of events the bronze idol to which our PHILLIPSES and SUMNERS
used to bend the knee, has been prostrated from his pedestal by the
Fifteenth Amendment. Coolie labor, with its possible abuses, may engage
the attention of the philanthropists, next, and we may yet behold JOHN
PIGTAIL on a pedestal, in the character of an American "major god."

       *       *       *       *       *

"LUCUS A NON," ETC.

In the culinary department of a newspaper we find a recipe for making
"bird's nest pudding," which would surely make the pigtail of a JOHN
Chinaman stick straight up on end. The component parts of the pudding
are apples, sugar, milk, five eggs, and vanilla. Perhaps the inventor of
the pudding once found a bird's nest with five eggs in it, and has thus
essayed to immortalize the interesting fact.

       *       *       *       *       *

Bullet Proof.

The fact of the young Prince Imperial having picked up a bullet on the
field of Saarbruck is significant It proves that, like a true BONAPARTE,
he is prompt to take the Lead.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     HOUSEKEEPING GOODS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |             A Special Lot of IRISH DAMASK TABLE              |
  |            CLOTHS in 8-4 and 8-4-4, 10-4 from $2             |
  |                    and $2.50 and upwards                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     5-8 DAMASK NAPKINS,                      |
  |                     $1 per doz. upward.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                        TABLE DAMASK,                         |
  |                  40c. per yard and upward.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                      HUCKABUCK TOWELS,                       |
  |                  $1.50 per doz. and upward.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PILLOW LINEN,                         |
  |                 40-inch wide. 30c. per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       LINEN SHEETINGS,                       |
  |                 2 yards wide. 60c. per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       LINEN SHEETINGS,                       |
  |               2-1/4 yard wide, 70c. per yard.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                       LINEN SHEETINGS,                       |
  |               2-1/2 yards wide, 90c. per yard.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                       LINEN SHEETINGS,                       |
  |                2-3/4 yards wide, $1 per yard.                |
  |                                                              |
  |            A Job Lot of READY-MADE, LINEN SHEETS,            |
  |               from $2.50 per pair and upward.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Fine yard-wide IRISH LINEN,                  |
  |               suitable for Ladies' wear, 35c.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Extra Heavy IRISH LINEN                    |
  |                  for Gentlemen's wear, 40c.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Further Reductions In                     |
  |                 SUMMER QUILTS and BLANKETS.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   ALL WOOL WHITE FLANNELS,                   |
  |                        25c. per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        A new all wool                        |
  |             GRAY FLANNEL for LADIES' OVERSKIRTS,             |
  |                        40c. per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TWEEDS                            |
  |              for Bathing Suits, 30c. per yard.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A. T. Stewart & Co.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |        Call special attention to their large and well        |
  |                      selected stock of                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Domestic Cotton Goods,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Consisting of                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      BLEACHED AND BROWN                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Shirtings and Sheetings                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                  IN ALL THE CHOICE BRANDS;                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                             ALSO                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Tickings, Denims,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ETC., ETC., AT                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTREMELY LOW PRICES.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ARE OFFERING                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   IRISH AND FRENCH POPLINS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     At very Low Prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  MERINO AND EMPRESS CLOTHS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          IN CHOICE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                   FALL AND WINTER COLORS,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       75c. and upward.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ALL WOOL SERGES                        |
  |                                                              |
  |         75c. and $1 per yard, worth $1.50 and $1.75          |
  |                                                              |
  |                        TARTAN PLAIDS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      IN GREAT VARIETY,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    From 35c. and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                           WINSEYS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                From 35 to 40 cents per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ROUBAIX POPLINS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                From 25 to 40 cents per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13x18.                                        |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

[Illustration: IMITATION THE SINCEREST FLATTERY.

_Regular Customer._ "ALONZO, BRING ME SOME BEANS AND TOMAYTESES."

_Waiter._ "YES'M. "WILL YOU HAVE 'EM ON ONE PLATE OR ON TWO PLATESES?"]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS. Wholesale and Retail.               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 FINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES.--All at the same premises, and under       |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                           prepared                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         COMBINATION EXCURSION or Round Trip Tickets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |         Valid during the entire season, and embracing        |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |    Nos. 241, 529, and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 33     |
  | Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338  |
  |  Fulton St., Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St., New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long  |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |                       "Chas. Dickens."                       |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are included.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ...................... $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies ........................................ .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |     or paper, price, $2.50, for................... $5.50     |
  |                                                              |
  |   One copy, with any magazine of paper, price $4, for ...    |
  |                            $7.00                             |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P. O. Box, 2783, NEW YORK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ORPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Single Copies, for Sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from this |
  |   office, free,) Ten Cents. Subscription for One Year, one   |
  |              copy, with $2 Chromo Premium, $4.               |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one |
  |    who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the    |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |           P. O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau St., New York            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

GEO. W. WHEAT & CO, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.







End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 22, August
27, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 22 ***

***** This file should be named 10019.txt or 10019.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/1/10019/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson, Steve Schulze
and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 24, September 10,
1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 24, September 10, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10032]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 24 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  |  to preserve the paper for binding will be sent postpaid on  |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                        Carbolic Salve                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Recommended by Physicians.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The best Salve in use for all disorders of the Skin,     |
  |                 for Cuts, Burns, Wounds, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      USED IN HOSPITALS                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       PRICE 25 CENTS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               JOHN F. HENRY, Sole Proprietor,                |
  |                No. 8 College Place, New York.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Sole Agent for United States.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Vol. I. No. 24.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 10, 1870.



PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.


See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               The first volume of PUNCHINELLO,               |
  |               ending with No. 26 September 24,               |
  |                            1870.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound in Fine Cloth.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |            will be ready for delivery on Oct. 1,             |
  |                            1870.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Sent postpaid to any part of the United            |
  |                 States on receipt of price.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |              A copy of the paper for one year,               |
  |              from October 1st, No. 27, and the               |
  |              Bound Volume (the latter prepaid,)              |
  |          will be sent to any subscriber for $5.50.           |
  |                                                              |
  |             Three copies for one year, and three             |
  |             Bound Volumes, with an extra copy of             |
  |             Bound Volume, to any person sending              |
  |              us three subscriptions for $16.50.              |
  |                                                              |
  |               One copy of paper for one year,                |
  |                 with a fine chromo premium,                  |
  |                     for            $4.00                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |             Back numbers can always be supplied,             |
  |                 as the paper is elecrotyped.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                Book canvassers will find this                |
  |                           volume a                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              Orders supplied at a very liberal               |
  |                          discount.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              All remittances should be made in               |
  |                     Post Office orders.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Canvassers wanted for the paper                |
  |                         everywhere.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                     83 Nassau St., N.Y.                      |
  |                      P.O. Box No. 2783                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 The Weekly Numbers for July.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 Broadway,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary._                |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                         RAIL-ROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      For April, May, June, and July, an attractive and       |
  |                        Saleable Work.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Nassau Street.                        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,      |
  |  commencing May 31, will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers,(Nyack, and  |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  |    Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill,     |
  |  Hudson, and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge   |
  | cars in connection with the day boats will leave on arrival  |
  |   at Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare    |
  |   $4.25 from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat   |
  |     Seneca will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.     |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J.M. Sprague                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Is the Authorized Agent of                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           For the                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     New England States,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |     To Procure Subscriptions, and to Employ Canvassors.      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XVII.

INSURANCE AND ASSURANCE.

Six months had come and gone and done it; the weather was as
inordinately hot as it had before been intolerably cold; and the
Reverend OCTAVIUS SIMPSON stood waiting, in the gorgeous Office of the
Boreal Life Insurance Company, New York, for the appearance of Mr.
MELANCTHON SCHENCK.

Having been directed by a superb young clerk, who parted his hair in the
middle, to "just stand out of the passage-way and amuse yourself with
one of our Schedules for awhile," until the great life-Agent should come
in, the Gospeler read a few schedulistic pages, proving, that if a
person had his life Insured at the age of Thirty, and paid his premiums
regularly until he was Eighty-five, the cost to him and profit to the
Company would, probably, be much more than the amount he had insured
for. It must, then, be evident to him, that, upon his death, at Ninety,
the Company would have received, in all, sufficient funds from him to
pay the full amount of his Policy to the lady whom he had always
introduced as his wife, and still retain enough to declare a handsome
Dividend for itself. Such was the sound business-principle upon which
the Boreal was conducted; and the merest child must perceive, that only
the extremely unlikely coincidence of at least four insurers all dying
before Eighty-five could endanger the solvency of the beneficent
institution.--Having mastered this convincing argument, and become
greatly confused by its plausibility, Mr. SIMPSON next gave some
attention to what was going on around him in the Office, and allowed his
overwrought mind to relax cheerfully in contemplation thereof. One of
human nature's peculiarities was quite amusingly exemplified in the
different treatment accorded to callers who were "safe risks," and to
those who were not. Thus, the whisper of "Here comes old Tubercles,
again!" was prevalent amongst the clerks upon the entrance of a very
thin, narrow-chested old gentleman, whom they informed, with
considerable humor, that he was only wasting hours which should be spent
with a spiritual adviser, in his useless attempts to take out a Policy
in _that_ office. The Boreal couldn't insure men who ought to be upon
their dying beds instead of coughing around Insurance offices. Ha, ha,
ha! Another gentleman, florid of countenance and absolutely without
neck, was quickly checked in the act of giving his name at one of the
desks; one clerk desiring another clerk to look, under the head of "A.,"
in his book, for "_Apoplexy_," and let this man see that we can't take
such a risk as he is on any terms. A third caller, who really looked
quite healthy except around the eyes, was also assured that he need not
call again--"Because, you see," explained the clerkly wag, "it's no go
for you to try to play your BRIGHT'S Disease on _us!_" When, however,
the applicant was a robustious, long-necked, fresh individual, he was
almost lifted from his feet in the rush of obliging young Boreals to
show him into the room of the Medical Examiner; and when, now and then,
an agent, or an insurance-broker, came dragging in, by the collar, some
Safe Risk, just captured, there was an actual contest to see who should
be most polite to the panting but healthy stranger, and obtain his
private biography for the consideration of the Company.

The Reverend OCTAVIUS studied these sprightly little scenes with
unspeakable interest until the arrival of Mr. SCHENCK, and then followed
that popular benefactor into his private office with the air of a man
who had gained a heightened admiration for his species.

"So you have come to your senses at last!" said Mr. SCHENCK, hastily
drawing his visitor toward a window in the side-room to which they had
retired. "Let me look at your tongue, sir."

"What do you mean?" asked the Gospeler, endeavoring to draw back.

"I mean what I say. Let--me--see--your--tongue.--Or, stop!" said Mr.
SCHENCK, seized with a new thought, "I may as well examine your general
organization first." And, flying at the astounded Ritualistic clergyman,
he had sounded his lungs, caused a sharp pain in his liver, and felt his
pulse, before the latter could phrase an intelligent protest.

"You may die at any moment, and probably will," concluded Mr. SCHENCK,
thoughtfully; "but still, on the score of friendship, we'll give you a
Policy for a reasonable amount, and take the chance of being able to
compromise with your mother on a certain per centage after the funeral."

"I don't want any of your plagued policies!" exclaimed the irritated
Gospeler, pushing away the hand striving to feel his pulse again.

"As you have expressed a desire to resign the guardianship of your
wards, Mr. and Miss PENDRAGON, and I have agreed to accept it, my
purpose in calling here is to obtain such statement of your account with
those young people as you may be disposed to render."

"Ah!" returned the other, in sullen disappointment. "That is all, eh?
Allow me to inform you, then, that I have cancelled the Boreal policies
which have been granted to the Murderer and his sister; and allow me
also to remark, that a dying clergyman like yourself might employ his
last moments better than encouraging a Southern destroyer of human
life."

"I do not, cannot believe that MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON is guilty," said Mr.
SIMPSON, firmly. "Having his full confidence, and thoroughly knowing his
nature, I am sure of his innocence, let appearances be what they may.
Consequently, it is my determination to befriend him."

"And you will not have your life insured?"

"I will not, sir. Please stop bothering me."

"And you call yourself a clergyman!" cried Mr. SCHENCK, with intense
scorn. "You pretend to be a Ritualistic spiritual guide; you champion
people who slay the innocent and steal devout men's umbrellas; and yet
you do not scruple to leave your own high-church Mother entirely without
provision at your death.--In such a case," continued the speaker,
rising, while his manner grew ferocious with determination--"in such a
case, all other arguments having failed, my duty is plain. Yon shall not
leave this room, sir, until you have promised to take out a Boreal
Policy."

He started, as he spoke, for the door of the private-office, intending
to lock it and remove the key; but the unhappy Ritualist, fathoming his
design, was there before him, and tore open the door for his own speedy
egress.

"Mr. SCHENCK," observed the Gospeler, turning and pausing in the
doorway, "you allow your business-energy to violate all the most
delicate amenities of private life, and will yet drive some maddened
mortal to such resentful use of pistol, knife, or poker, as your
mourning family shall sincerely deplore. The articles on Free Trade and
Protection in the daily papers have hitherto been regarded as the climax
of all that utterly wearies the long-suffering human soul; but I tell
you, as a candid friend, that they are but little more depressing and
jading to the vital powers than your unceasing mention of
life-insurance."

"These are strong words, sir," answered Mr. SCHENCK, incredulously. "The
editorial articles to which you refer are considered the very drought of
journalism; those by Mr. GREELEY, especially, being so dry that they are
positively dangerous reading without a tumbler of water."

"Yon brought the comparison upon yourself, Mr. SCHENCK. Good day."

Thus speaking, the Reverend OCTAVIUS SIMPSON hurried nervously from the
Boreal temple; not fairly satisfied that he had escaped a Policy until
he found himself safely emerged on Broadway and turning a corner toward
Nassau Street. Beaching the latter bye-way, after a brief interval of
sharp walking, he entered a building nearly opposite that in which was
the office of Mr. DIBBLE; and, having ascended numerous flights of
twilight stairs to the lofty floor immediately over the saddened rooms
occupied by a great American Comic Paper, came into a spidery garret
where lurked MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON,

"Hard at it?" he asked, approaching a ricketty table at which sat the
persecuted Southerner, reading a volume of HOYLE'S Games.

"My only friend!" ejaculated the lonely reader, hurriedly covering the
book with an arm. "I am, as you see, studying law here, all alone with
these silent friends."

He waved his thin hand toward a rude shelf on which were several
well-worn City Directories of remote dates, volumes of Patent Office
Reports for the years '57 and '59, a copy of Mr. GREELEY'S Essays on
Political Economy, an edition of the Corporation Manual, the Coast
Survey for 1850, and other inflaming statistical works, which had been
sent to him in his exile by thoughtful friends who had no place to keep
them.

"Cheer up, brother!" exhorted the good Gospeler, "I'll send you some
nice theological volumes to add to your library, which will then be
complete. Be not despondent. All will come right yet."

"I reckon it will, in time," returned the youth, moodily. "I suppose you
know that my sister is determined to come here and stay with me?"

"Yes, MONTGOMERY, I have heard of her noble resolution. May her
conversation prove sustaining to you."

"There will be enough of it, I reckon, to sustain half a dozen people,"
was the despondent answer. "This is a gloomy place for her, Mr. SIMPSON,
situated, as it is, immediately over the offices of a Comic Paper."

"And do you think she would care for cheerful accessories while you are
in sorrow?" asked the Gospeler, reproachfully.

"But it is so mournful--that floor below," persisted the brother,
doubtfully. "If there were only something the least bit more lively down
there--say an Undertaker's."

"A Sister's Love can lessen the most crushing gloom, MONTGOMERY."

A silent pressure of the hand rewarded this encouraging reminder of
sanguine friendship; and, after the depressed law-student had promised
the Reverend OCTAVIUS to walk with him as far as the ferry in a few
moments, the said Reverend departed for a hasty call upon the old lawyer
across the street.

Benignant Mr. DIBBLE sat near a front window of his office, and received
the visitor with legal serenity.

"And how does our young friend enjoy himself, Mr. SIMPSON, in the
retreat which I had the honor of commending to you for him?"

The visitor replied, that his young friend's retreat, by its very
loftiness, was calculated to inspire any occupant with a room-attic
affection.

"And how, and when, and where did you leave Mr. BUMSTEAD?" inquired Mr.
DIBBLE.

"As well as could be expected; this morning, at Bumsteadville," said the
Gospeler, with answer as terse and comprehensive as the question.

"--Because," added the lawyer, quickly, "there he is, now, coming out of
a refreshment saloon immediately under the building in which our young
friend takes refuge."

"So he is!" exclaimed the surprised Mr. SIMPSON, staring through the
window.

There, indeed, as indicated, was the Ritualistic organist; apparently
eating cloves from the palm of his right hand as he emerged from the
place of refreshment, and wearing a linen coat so long and a straw hat
of such vast brim that his sex was not obvious at first glance. While
the two beholders gazed, in unspeakable fascination, Mr. BUMSTEAD
suddenly made a wild dart at a passing elderly man with a dark
sun-umbrella, ecstatically tore the latter from his grasp, and
passionately tapped him on the head with it. Then, before the astounded
elderly man could recover from his amazement, or regain the gold
spectacles which had been knocked from his nose, the umbrella, after an
instant of keen examination, was restored to him with a humble, almost
abjectly apologetic, air, and Mr. BUMSTEAD hurried back, evidently
crushed, into the refreshment saloon.

"His brain must be turned by the loss of his relative," murmured the
Gospeler, pitifully.

"His umbrellative, you mean," said Mr. DIBBLE.

When these two gentlemen had parted, and the Reverend OCTAVIUS SIMPSON
had been escorted to the ferry, as promised, by MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON,
the latter, after a long, insane walk about the city, with the
thermometer at 98 degrees, returned to his attic in time to surprise a
stranger climbing in through one of the back windows.

"Who are you?" exclaimed the Southern youth, much struck by the funereal
aspect, sexton-like dress, and inordinately long countenance of the
pallid, light-haired intruder.

"Pardon! pardon!" answered he at the window, with much solemnity. "I am
a proprietor of the Comic Paper down below, and am eluding the man who
comes every day to tell me how such a paper _should_ be conducted. He is
now talking to the young man writing the mail-wrappers, who, being of
iron constitution and unmarried, can bear more than I. There was just
time for me to glide out of the window at sound of that fearful voice,
and I climbed the iron shutter and found myself at your casement.--Hark!
Do you hear the buzz down there? He's now telling the young man writing
the mail-wrappers what kind of Cartoons should be got-up for _this_
country.--Hark, again! and the young man writing the mail-wrappers have
clinched and are rolling about the floor.--Hark, once more! The young
man writing the mail-wrappers has put him out."

"Won't you come in?" asked MONTGOMERY, sincerely sorry for the agitated
being.

"Alas, no!" responded the fugitive, in the tone of a cathedral bell.

"I must go back to my lower deep once more. My name is JEREMY BENTHAM; I
am very unhappy in my mind; and, with your permission, will often escape
this way from him who is the bane of my existence."

Being assured of welcome on all occasions, he of the long countenance
went clanging down the iron shutter again; and the lonely law-student,
burying his face in his hands, prayed Providence to forgive him for
having esteemed his own lot so hopelessly gloomy when there were Comic
Paper men on the very next floor.

That night, before going home to Gowanus, the old lawyer across the way
glanced up toward MONTGOMERY'S retreat, and shook his head as though he
couldn't make something out. Whether he had a difficult idea in his
brain, or only a fly on his nose, was for the observer to discover for
himself.

(_To be Continued_.)

       *       *       *       *       *

UNIVERSOCKDOLOGY.

Mr. PUNCHINELLO: It afflicts me, one of your most assiduous readers, to
notice that you cast not even so much as a lack-lustre glance at the
brilliant gems that STEPHEN PEARL ANDREWS scatters periodically through
the columns of the _Evening Mail_ and WOODHULL & CLAFLIN'S _Weekly_. Are
the times out of joint; or is it your Italian nose? Do you fear to quote
the sublimated utterances of the perspicacious, although pleonastic
philosopher? Does he lead you in thought, or the expression thereof?
Then, wherefore? And if not, wherever may the just reason be found for
your indifference?

The science of Universology, as so delightfully unfolded by Mr. ANDREWS,
is one that must ere long overtop and engulf all others, seeing that it
is, of itself, the science which embodies and contains all. It teaches
that the universe exists in time and space--a fact never discovered till
now--or that, rather, it exists in space and time, as the two negative
containers of its _statism_ or existence, and of its _motism_ or
eventuation, (its chain of events.) It shows that statism, or
world-existence-at-rest, in space, is analogous with the cardinal series
of numeration; and motism or world-existence-in-motion, in time,
analogous with the ordinal series of numbers; and that, finally, statism
and cardinism, (as of the four cardinal points in the orientation of
space,) are analogous with spiritualities and the spirit world; and that
motism and ordinism (succession by steps) are analogous with
temporalities, (transitory things) and so with the mundane or transitory
sphere.

Now this is the whole subject in a nutshell--a subject it behooves you
and all other deep thinkers to grapple withal. Through your efforts to
spread the glorious truths thus ingeniously set forth, how much good
might be done! Think of the unravelling of the complications surrounding
the Germano-Gallic war; the light that might be thrown upon the sources
of HORACE GREELEY'S agricultural information; the settlement of the
Coolie question. Then, see what effect a clear and candid discussion of
the topic would have on the public morality, security, and peace! How
often it appears that, in spite of the normal equanimity observable in
circumstantial evidence, hereditary disciplinarisms are totally devoid
of potential abstemiousness. This may be owing to the fact that at ebb
and neap tides the obliquity of vision (duism) remarked by most invalid
veterans in their occasional _adversaria_, is unconscious of their
parental dignity, and by no means to be confounded with the referees in
astronomical or pharmaceutical cases, or with ordinary omphalopsychites.
Whatever be or not be the result of these investigations and
calculations, it is consolatory to the student of proportional
hemispheres to remark that, whichever way the sophist may turn, he
_must_ invariably rely on the softer impeachments of a hireling crowd,
with

    "Water, water, everywhere,
    And not a drop to drink,"

and give up all personal interest in the homogeneous relations arising
from too precipitate a ratiocination of events, urging, at the same
time, the positive proportions exercised in the administration of a not
over particular dormitory, and the replication of
chameleonizing--constantly chameleonizing, odoriferosities.

Yours, PATHIST.

       *       *       *       *       *

About Face!

Recent London advices briefly state that EDMUND ABOUT, the missing
correspondent of the _Soir_, has turned up somewhere. Our Cockney
informant imagines that M. ABOUT, like his distinguished ancestor,
(ABOU, B.A.,) found his "sweet dream of peace" too rudely disturbed by
the howlings of the Prussian dogs of war, and decided to 'ead About for
Paris, simply in order to avoid being 'eaded off by the enemy.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "WHEN YOU GO TO LONG BRANCH, DO NOT TAKE A NEWFOUNDLAND
DOG WITH YOU. I BROUGHT ONE DOWN WITH ME HERE, AND WHENEVER I GO OUT TO
TAKE A LITTLE DIP, THE FAITHFUL CREATURE WILL INSIST ON DRAGGING ME
ASHORE."--_Letter from a Friend_.]

       *       *       *       *       *

SUMMER AT SANDY POINT.

_Sandy Point, August 18, 1870_.

PRELIMINARY FLOURISHES.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO:[1] Nature demands a change of air. Man needs rest.
Invigoration is necessary to health. The throbbing brain must shut down
on its throbbing.

Hence second-class hotels, with first-class prices; hence hard beds, no
gas, and many flies. I say--"Hence--flies," but as a general thing I
notice they will not hence.

WHERE TO GO.

Those who are fond of flees may flee to the mountains. I know when I've
got enough, and I prefer to surf it on the sea shore. Take the 3-1/2
A.M. train, and come to

SANDY POINT.

Everything here is sand as far as the eye can reach, or a horse and
wagon, with a profane driver, can travel. The ocean laves the beach. The
sea also is here. The tide comes in twice a day. This alone gives Sandy
Point a great advantage over all other points on the coast.

I rode up in the regular conveyance, and soon after my arrival found
myself standing on the spacious and elegant piazza of

THE CHARNEL HOUSE,

a palatial structure erected by the late Mr. CHARNEL, who is said to
have lavished an immense fortune upon it. Strictly speaking, he didn't
lavish quite so much paint on the front as an advanced civilization had
a right to expect; but within, everything, (including the clerk,)
appears to have been furnished with an eye to

LUXURIOUS COMFORT,

Mr. SOAPINGTON, the genial landlord, Mr. RICHARD SOAPINGTON, Jr., the
gentlemanly clerk, Mrs. SOAPINGTON, the accomplished hostess, and the
lovely Miss CLARA SOAPINGTON, all greeted me with that hearty welcome,
so dear to the traveller. SOAPINGTON said he was glad to see me, and,
seeing that it was me, he would be willing to infringe on his inflexible
rule, and would allow me to pay

CASH IN ADVANCE.

Madame S. was sorry she couldn't set me up a cot in the wash-room, but
would be compelled to let me have a double front-room over the bar. I
told her if the apartment had a practicable trap door I thought I could
get along.

RICHARD S., Jr., was sure he had met me before; and, as a friend, he
would say the establishment was not responsible for valuables unless
deposited in the safe. He would take my watch and jewelry to wear while
I was there, inasmuch as

HE WAS THE SAFE HIMSELF.

The charming Miss S. didn't say anything, but she smiled, and looked
such unutterable things from behind the blinds, that I expect to find it
all in the bill.

Everybody that can get a railroad pass should come to Sandy Point

WHAT TO DO.

Sit in the reading-room and look over the torn files of two daily papers
a week and a half old; or study a hotel advertiser.

THE SURF BATHING

is magnificent. The prevalence of an unmitigated undertow renders it
quite exhilarating for old ladies and invalids. Any one who is drowned
will have every attention paid to his remains,--by the sharks.

BOATING.

Everybody boats. The ROWE Brothers are here, and sing on the water by
moonlight. You can blister your bands at an oar, or bale out the boat,
just as your taste inclines. As the life-preserver is a little out of
repair, I stay on shore.

FISHING.

Everybody fishes. There are all varieties, from speckled trout and
mackerel, up to conger eels, horse mackerel, and porpoises. Parties
frequently come back with all the fishing they want. If absent a week on
a trip, they can make arrangements to have their board run on just the
same.

DRIVING.

Everybody drives. The roads are of unsurpassing loveliness. They drive
every day. If the waiters would drive a few flies out of the
dining-room, we wouldn't sit down quite so many at table.

WHO ARE HERE.

Sandy Point, with all its native attractions, would be nothing were it
not for the beauty and fashion that throng its halls. There are men here
who can draw their note for any amount. Here is an ex-member of
Congress; there a double X brewer, both immensely wealthy. Diamonds
abound. There is a hop in the parlor every evening and preaching on
Sundays.

I should not forget a paralytic washwoman in my section of the house,
who has a prevailing idea, when she brings home my clothes, that eleven
pieces make a dozen.

Reader, if you seek

THE FLUSH OF HEALTH,

come down here! I wasn't very flush when I got here, but I don't intend
to go away till I've put myself into thorough repair.

Yours, SARSFIELD YOUNG.

[Footnote 1: SOAPINGTON, of the hotel here, and I, have been skirmishing
over a board bill for a couple of weeks, and he has finally outflanked
me to the amount of about $40. I think if you will insert this
correspondence it will be all right. S. will succumb.]

       *       *       *       *       *

A War Conundrum.

When are soldiers like writers for the press? When they charge by the
column.

       *       *       *       *       *

A well-tilled Soil.

The article on DICKENS, in the August number of the _Atlantic Monthly_,
is certainly suggestive of fresh Fields, if not of pastures new.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

Sometimes Mr. PUNCHINELLO is very busy. Not only has he upon his
shoulders the ordinary labors of conductor of a great journal, but he
has much to do for other people. His editors, his printers, his binders,
his artists, his engravers, his corps of clerks, his office and errand
boys, and all connected with his extensive establishment, come to him
from time to time for advice in regard to the investment of their
surplus earnings, and between assisting in the purchase of a farm for
this one, a house for the other, and all sorts of stocks and bonds for
the rest, he is often terribly pressed for time.

No one who is not looked up to by a crowd of grateful dependents, all
fattening in the shadow of his prosperity, as it were, can understand
Mr. P's. feelings of responsibility at such times.

Such an unusual demand upon his time occurred last week, and Mr. P.
found that he would not be able to spend a few days as usual at some
fashionable watering place. But be must have some recreation, so he
determined to have a day's fishing among the celebrated Thousand Islands
of the St. Lawrence. He put some luncheon in a basket, and set off quite
early in the morning. Finding that some twenty hours were consumed in
the transit, Mr. P. thought that, considering his hurry, he had better,
perhaps, have gone to Newark for a day's fishing off the piers. But he
was at the St. Lawrence now, and it would not do to complain. He hired a
boat, lines, bait and two navigators, and set out bravely.

He sailed among a crowd of islands where either the bowsprit or the boom
was continually getting caught in the shrubbery and rocks, until he came
to island No. 18. Here was a picnic party.

For reasons which the accompanying view may render obvious, Mr. P. and
his men declined the invitation of the picnickers to stop and join them.
The boat continued on until it reached the channel between islands No.
87 and No. 88, and there Mr. P. got out his lines and commenced to fish,
trolling his bait behind as the boat slowly sailed, under the hot sun,
among those lovely isles, where, to be sure, burning's half o' the
sport, but where "burning SAPPHO" would have lost herself utterly, and
probably have tumbled into some of the watery intricacies and have put
herself out.

Mr. P. did not have much luck at first. He caught one muskallonge, after
a period of patient waiting which he feels he also must call long, and
once, when he thought he was hauling in a fine bass, he turned very red
when the boatmen laughed at seeing him "cotch an eel." But after a while
he got a royal bite. He hauled in manfully, and although, owing to the
intricacies of the channel, he could not see what he had caught, he knew
it was a fine fellow from its weight. At last, after tremendous tugging,
he got it in over the stem.

It was one of the thousand islands!

What could be done now?

The steersman, who had slipped under a seat when he saw the great mass
above him, and the man who managed the sails, were both Canadians, and
after a great deal of excited talk, they agreed if Mr. P. would make it
worth their while, they would endeavor to put the island back in its
place and make no remarks in public which would tend to produce a
misunderstanding between the governments of Great Britain and the United
States, on the ground of undue acquisition of territory. By the payment
of a sum, which it will require a club of thirty subscribers to make
good to him, Mr. P. concluded the arrangement, and they sailed back to
replace the island. But what was the horror of the party, when they
perceived on the unfortunate bit of British territory, a plate, which
had stuck fast by reason of a covering of the juice of plum-pie, and a
fork which was rammed firmly into the earth!

It needed but few collateral evidences to convince Mr. P. and his men
that this was the island where they had seen the picnic.

And where were the picnickers?

If any of Mr. P's. subscribers in Prince EDWARD Island, Costa Rica, the
Gallipagoes, or other outstanding places, receive their paper rather
late this week, they are informed that, in consequence of his having
spent three entire days exploring the labyrinth of these islands in
order to find the bodies of the unfortunate party of pleasure, (which
bodies he did not find,) Mr. P. was very much delayed in his office
business. His near patrons received their papers in due time, but those
at a distance will excuse him, he feels sure, when they consider what
his feelings must have been, while grappling for an entire picnic.

The island was dumped down anywhere, without reference to its former
place. When the Alabama claims are settled, Mr. P. will go back and
adjust it properly.

Mr. P. gained nothing by this trip but the knowledge that there are but
980 of these islands, which an unscrupulous monarchy imposes upon a
credulous people as a full thousand, and the gloom which would naturally
pervade a man, after an occurrence of the kind just narrated.

On his way home, he stopped for supper at Albany, and there he met CYRUS
W. FIELD and Commodore VANDERBILT. One of these gentlemen was looking
very happy and the other very doleful.

(Illustration: The tall gentleman in the picture is Mr. FIELD--not that
he is really so very tall--but he is elevated. The short one is the
Commodore--so drawn, not because he is short, but because he is
depressed.)

After the compliments of the season, (warm ones,) Mr. P. asked his
friends how the war in Europe affected them.

"Gloriously!" cried Mr. FIELD. "Nothing could be better. The messages
fly over our cables like--like--like lightning. Why, sir, I wish they
would keep up the war for ten years."

"And you, sir?" said Mr. P. to the Commodore.

"Oh, I hate it!" said VANDERBILT. "They send neither men nor munitions
by our road. It is an absolute dead loss of hundreds of thousands of
dollars to me that my railroad is on this side of the ocean. I shall
never cease to deplore it."

"But sir," said Mr. P. "the war may cause a great exportation of grain
from the West, and then your road will profit."

"Don't believe it," said the Commodore. "The war will stop exportation."

"It goes against the grain with him, any way you fix it," said Mr.
FIELD, with a festive air. "He can't carry any messages."

"On a cabalistic cable," remarked Mr. P.

CYRUS smiled.

"No, air," said the Commodore, reverting to his grievances. "Never has
such a loss happened to me, since I went into New York Centrals."

"Well, I tell you, VANDY," said Mr. FIELD, "if you and other grasping
creatures had kept away from New York's entrails it would have been much
better for the body corporate of the State."

"Look here!" cried the Commodore, in a rage.

Mr. FIELD looked there, but Mr. P. didn't. He thought it was time to go
for his train, and he went.

       *       *       *       *       *

SEVERAL UNSAVORY RENDERINGS.

Why there should be such a thing as a New York Rendering Company is a
puzzle to thoughtful minds. Persons resident in certain districts of the
city, that border on the North River, though, are cognizant of that
Company. The North River nose knows the Co., and would close itself to
it, only that it is too close upon it to close effectually.

And what are the New York Rendering Company, and to whom do they render,
and what? Lard bless you! sir, or madam, they comprise a thing that
lives, if not by the sweat of its brow, at least by the suet of its
boilers. The dead horses of the city car companies are the creature's
normal food. Nor does it despise smaller venison, for it can batten upon
dead kittens, too, and fatten upon asphyxiated pup. Carnivorous,
decidedly, is the creature concreted by the New York Rendering Company,
converting all that it touches into fat, and so, living literally upon
the fat of the land. That the Company render other things besides fat,
however, has been for some time past a subject of complaint against
their management, and here are a few details of their renderings.

Once the atmosphere of the bays and rivers of New York was a source of
health to the excursionists who, in summer time, seek relaxation by
inexpensive voyages upon the waters adjacent to the city. By casting the
refuse of their carrion into these waters, the New York Rendering
Company have rendered foul and noxious the once healthful atmosphere of
our aquarian outlets, rendering themselves a nuisance, at the same time.

Thus, anything like a "pleasure" excursion by water, in the neighborhood
of New York, has been rendered impossible during the present season, by
the New York Rendering Company.

Off all the shores of our bays Offal has accumulated, and that during
the hottest summer on record for these latitudes. The waters have thus
been rendered unfit for bathing in, as the air has been rendered
pernicious to breathe--another rendering by the New York Rendering
Company, whose manifest mission is to offalize the world.

It is pleasant to know, then, that the renderings of the New York
Rendering Company are likely to be reactionary as well as suicidal,
(perhaps suetcidal might be a better word here,) in their results. Their
"offence is rank," and has reached the nose of authority, for we find it
stated that "Mayor HALL has already made complaint against the New York
Rendering Company, and that they will he indicted at the next sitting of
the Grand Jury."

And when their boiling nuisances come to be seized, as we trust they
will be, how jolly to see them "rendering to Seizer" all that has
rendered them the nuisance they are! Then let them render up the ghost,
and go out spluttering, like a dip candle from one of their own rancid
renderings--and so an end of them.

       *       *       *       *       *

A CARD OF THANKS.

PUNCHINELLO is extremely indebted to _The Sun_ for the association of
the names of several worthy gentlemen with the ownership of the only
first-class Illustrated Humorous and Satirical paper published in
America: (Subscription price, for one year, $4.00. Single copies 10
cents. Office, 83 Nassau St., New York.)

Well, it is something to be credited with having decent men about you;
perhaps if _The Sun_ would try the experiment it would be found more
purifying than even the sermons of O. DYER.

       *       *       *       *       *

WHY IT IS SO DRY.

We _thought_ it had something to do with a lack of moisture in the air;
and now, along comes Monsieur PROU, another philosopher, and merely says
what we had thought. He declares that there was so much ice last winter
(come now, gentlemen of the Ice Companies, what have you to say to
that?) it couldn't melt in time to evaporate in time to supply moisture
in time for the necessary showers. (Somehow, there's an eternity of
"time" in that sentence; but _n'importe: allons!_) We think PROU has
proved his case. And, although we can't quite sympathise with his
suggestion that detachments of sappers and miners be employed in the
spring-time, in Arctic (and doubtless also Antarctic) regions, in
blowing up icebergs and otherwise facilitating the operations of old
Sol, we give the ingenious Frenchman credit for at least as much
philosophic acumen as we ourselves possess: and Heaven only knows how
superb a compliment we thus convey!

Couldn't our friend Capt. HALL be requested to watch the Pole a little
next winter, and look into this idea of ours and PROU'S?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: CIRCUMSTANCES WILL COMPEL THE STATELIEST OF MEN TO STOOP,
SOMETIMES. GETTING A LIGHT FROM THE STUMP OF A NEWSBOY'S CIGAR IS ONE OF
THEM.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A SCENE FROM OLD NICK-OLOS NICK-OLBY.

THE EMPEROR DE MANTALINI GOING TO THE "DEMNITION BOW-WOWS."]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR POLICE REPORT.

On Tuesday last a suspicious looking man was arrested by the police, and
taken to the One Hundred and Fourth Precinct Station House, on several
charges of disorderly acts perpetrated by him in various parts of the
city. He gave his name as CHARLES A. DANA, and was locked up for the
night.

Yesterday morning, prisoner was brought before Justice DOWNY, at the
Jephson Market Police Court.

Officer LOCUST, being called to testify, stated that his attention was
directed to the prisoner, on Tuesday afternoon last, by some boys in
Fourteenth Street. Prisoner was standing on the side-walk, on the side
of the street opposite Tammany Hall. He was armed with a small pewter
squirt, with which he was trying to smear the front of that building by
drawing up dirty water from the gutter. The range of the squirt did not
appear to reach more than half-way across the street. The water used was
very foul, leaving stains upon a dirt-cart that was passing. While
witness was watching the prisoner, the Hon. WM. M. TWEED came down the
steps from Tammany Hall, and, upon seeing him, prisoner ran away, but
was seized by witness, before he could make his escape.

On being interrogated by the magistrate, prisoner said that he hardly
knew what he was doing when arrested. The _Sun_ was in his eyes at the
time. If it hadn't been so, he would not have missed his shot. He must
do something for a living, and he thought that throwing dirty water was
as good an occupation as any other. Had made money out of it by
threatening respectable people with his pewter squirt, and they would
give him money rather than have their clothes soiled. He would do
anything to make money; and he didn't in the least mind dirtying his
hands in the making of it.

To a question by the magistrate, as to whether he had had anything to do
with casting offal into the bay, prisoner laughed in a wild manner, and
said that he, for one, could never be accused of wasting good, honest
dirt in that way. All the offal in the world, said prisoner, wasn't too
much for him to use in bespattering the objects of his attention,
friends as well as foes. He had heaved tons of offal, already, at Mr. A.
OAKEY HALL, (whom he evidently imagined to be an Irishman, and called
O'HALL,) He didn't care whom he hit, in fact, so long as he could make
it pay.

A gentleman connected with the velocipede interest, whose name our
reporter did not catch, here stated that he became acquainted with
prisoner nearly two years ago, while the velocipede frenzy was at its
height. He had constructed to order for the prisoner a peculiar
velocipede called the _"Sun Squirt."_ It had a Dyer's tub attached to
it, which was filled with bilge-water. On this machine, the prisoner,
armed with a pewter squirt, used to practise for several hours a day,
careering rapidly around the rink, and taking flying shots, as he went,
at large posters attached to the wall, having portraits on them of
General GRANT, Hon. H. GREELEY, Hon. WM. M. TWEED, The Mayor, Governor
HOFFMAN, and several other citizens of admitted position and
respectability. The bilge-water usually came back upon him, however, and
he was generally a humiliating object on leaving the rink.

Prisoner, on being asked by the magistrate whether he had any references
respecting character to give, replied in the negative, whereupon orders
were issued to lock him up, pending the appearance of Mr. PUNCHINELLO,
who will have some statements to make about him at a future day.

A reward of $5,000 has been offered for any information about the pewter
squirt, and particularly as to when, and by whom it was made; and, as
detectives are now engaged in working up the case, there can be but
little doubt that the vile instrument will ere long be identified.

       *       *       *       *       *

DISTRESSING.

Some awful smasher of cherished notions is trying to make out that
ROUGET DE LISLE was not the real author of the famous _Marseillaise_,
but that he stole it from the Germans. It pains us to contemplate the
possibility of the charge being true, but, should it prove to be so, we
suggest that the name of the accepted author be changed from ROUGET to
ROGUEY DE LISLE.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "WHAT WILL HE DO WITH IT?"

_Servant._ "MASSA FENTON AND MASSA CONKLIN HAVE SENT DIS YERE FOUNDLIN'
TO YER, TO TOOK KEER OF FOR A FEW WEEKS."

_Matron Greeley._ "O: DEAR, DEAR! AND IF IT SHOULD DIE ON MY HANDS,
WHO'S TO PAY THE FUNERAL EXPENSES?"]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN AMONG THE FAT MEN.

The "Last Gustive" attends the Annual Clam-Bake.

Empires may totter and Dienastys pass in their checks.

Politicians may steal the Goddess of Liberty poorer than JOB'S old
Maskaline Gobbler.

J. FISK, Jr., may set the heel of his bute down onto the neck of Rail
Rodes--Steambotes--ballet gals, and all that sort o' thing, and this
mundane speer will jog along, as slick as a pin, and no questions asked.

But deprive a Fat man of his little clam-bake, and it would be full as
pleasant as settin' down onto a Hornet's nest, when the Hornet family
were all to home.

That's so.

Another cargo of clams has gone to that born whence no clam returns,
onless you ram your finger down your throte, or take an Emetick.

In the words of Commodore PERRY, who is, alas! no more.

"The misfortenit bivalves meet the Fat man, and they're his'n."

Altho' I'me not much on the fat order myself, I received an invitation
to attend the grate Clam-bake. Mrs. GREEN put me up a lunch to eat on
the cars, and robin' myself in a cleen biled shirt, I sholdered my
umbreller and left Skeensboro.

The seen at Union Park was sublime with plenty of Ham fat. If all flesh
is grass, thought I, when old _tempus fugit_ comes along with his mowin'
masheen to cut this crop of fat men, I reckon he will have to hire some
of his nabor's barns, to help hold all of his hay.

Great mountins of hooman flesh were bobbin' about like kernals of corn
on a red hot stove, remindin' me of a corn field full of punkins set up
on clothes pins.

The little heads on top of the great sweating bodies, looked as if they
were sleev buttons drove in the top of the Punkins.

When a fat man laffs, his little head sinks down into his shirt collar,
and disappears in the fat, like a turtle's head when you tickle his nose
with a sharp stick.

And then to see them eat clams. I've seen men punish clams by the
bushel--by the barrel--but never did I see men shovel clams in by the
cart load before.

"Gee-whitaker," said I, to a Reporter of a N.Y. Journal, "them critters
must have a dredful elastic stomack."

"Yes," said he, "when Fat-men get clam hungry, the sea banks has to give
up her clams, and the grocery keepers furnish the seasonin'."

"Wall," said I, "if the Sea has many such runs on her clam-banks as
this, she will have to put on her shutters soon, and go into
lickerdation."

"In which state," said he laffin', "it would be exceedin'ly
_clam_-etous."

The members of the Fat Men's Club all went prepared for hot weather,
dressed in a linnen soot and carryin' palm leaf fans.

I also notised large fassits onto the toes of their butes, so as to let
out the grease occasionly, and keep there butes from sloppin' over.

President RANSOM told me, that a fat man's wife invented the fassets, so
as to save sope grease.

"One fat man in hot weather," said Mister RANSOM, "will furnish grease
enuff, in the summer time, to keep his family in soft sope the year
around, besides supplyin' two or three daily papers with a lot."

Between you and me, Friend PUNCHINELLO, that greasy yarn seems rather
too slipperry to swaller, but I guess it'll wash after all.

PETER REED, of New York, and Docter WHITBECK, of West Troy, danced the
hiland fling for the championship and a barrel of clams.

"While PETE was cuttin' a pigin wing, and the Dr. was rakin' down a
dubble shuffle, they made things rattle, and naborin' towns thought it
was an airthquake, and began movin' out their feather beds.

"Go it, my fat friends," said I, to encourage 'em, "blood will tell, and
exercise help to digest your clams."

They shook their feet ontil exhausted natur, from necessity, ceased to
be virtous, when suddenly they both tumbled over onto their backs, and
blowed like porpoises.

The weather bein' hot, a shovel full of cloride of lime was sprinkled
onter them, to keep them from gettin' fly blode.

I was introjuced to a North River steembote pilot, whose corporosity
looked like the Commissary department of a Prushion Regiment.

"How are you, Paunchy Pilate," said I, gettin' off a joak at his
expense. "How many clams have you crucifide to-day?"

"Bully for you, ole man. Haw! haw! he! he! ho! ho!" roared half a dozen
fat men at my faceshusness, and they laffed and shook their sides, ontil
I thought they'd colaps a floo and spatter me.

One of them fat men approched me, and invited me to have a game of leep
frog.

"Excuse me, Captin," said I, "when I get so I can sholder an elefant,
I'le come around and accomodate you."

Some was playin' tag. Some was playin' blindman's-buff, while all was
amusin' themselves, at some innocent pastime or other.

The day's performance was closed by chasin' a greased pig.

The hog was well greased and let loose, and the whole lot of fat men
started pell-mell.

It was "Root hog, or die" with the odds in favor of the Hog.

All of a sudden, the hog turned back, and the fat men coulden't stop,
when down they all fell on top of poor piggy, smashin' him flatter'n a
pancake.

The bystanders were startin' for derricks and jack-screws to raise the
fat men off from each other.

"Hold on," says I, "I know a trick worth 2 of that."

I rusht into the house, and ceasin' the dinner-bell, rung it as hard as
I could.

It delited me, in my old age, to see them chaps scrabble when they heard
that bell.

In 10 seconds time, only one member of the pile diden't git up, and
rise, and that was the hog.

It was a cruel deception--but I believe the mean trick justifide the
end, and saved the Bord of Helth a big bill of expense. For sure's
you're borned, it would have been a meesely old job, cartin' of that big
pile of corrupshun.

I had seen enuff for one day.

My fisikle and intelectooal capacity was gorged.

Foldin' my Filacteries, and pickin' up my bloo cotton parashoot, I fled
the seen, hily tickled to think I wasen't a fat man.

Virtously of thee,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: WOMAN ASSERTS HER RIGHTS]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR FINANCIAL ARTICLE.

WALL STREET, August 9th, 1870.

SIR:--It is with feelings of indignation and scorn that I proceed once
more to pollute my pen with the chronicles of a mercenary rabble. It
_had_ been thought that the remonstrances of the pure and high-minded
among your readers would have sufficed to overcome the resolution of an
infatuated, but not Criminal Editor. There was a time when the claims of
a _Certain Contributor_ were wont to be considered. But the passion for
worldly greed has, alas! perverted a too simple nature, and where the
Muses once found a congenial resting place, the demon Mammon now sits in
GHASTLY TRIUMPH.

I will not here refer to my threat of resignation, nor to the shouts of
diabolical laughter with which it was received by the conductor of a
Comic Journal, whose name it would not become me to mention. Suffice it
to say that those sentiments of loyalty and affection which have ever
been my glory, and a keen appreciation of the difficulty of obtaining
employment on the Press, have kept me attached to the staff of
PUNCHINELLO. The anguish which Finance has cost an artistic soul no one
may ever know. The silent tear may fall, but it shall be buried in my
bosom. The spectacle of my hidden suffering shall stand as a reproach to
one whom I once HONORED and now PITY.

Divesting myself of that part of my nature which is comprised in the
good, the beautiful and true, I betook myself yesterday to Wall Street
and the Gold Room. At the portals of the Financial Menagerie, a
gentleman placed his hand upon my shoulder.

Was I a subscriber?

No, but I was a comic writer.

He said I looked as though I had seen misfortune. If I was not a
subscriber, perhaps I had been in the Penitentiary, served out a
sentence at Sing Sing, or procured a divorce from my wife?

I had done none of these things.

I was not a member of the Legislature?

No.

A brilliant idea struck him. Perhaps I had been an editor?

I pleaded guilty.

He thought that would do--I might go in.

I went in, and herewith submit to you the result of my investigations.

NINE O'CLOCK.--On opening this morning, a scarcity of money was
perceptible in the market. It was especially perceptible in the case of
your contributor. (This is _not_ a hint that a week's salary in advance
would be acceptable.) Peanuts are much sought after. (They are excellent
things to pelt a fellow with.) Apples were inquired after, but upon a
rumor that they were unripe, they declined several per cent.

HALF PAST NINE.--The following telegram has just been received here.

"METZ, August 11th.

_"To His Serene Highness, the Prince of Erie, Duke of the Grand Opera
House, Admiral of Narragansett, Commander of the Ninth, etc., etc.,
etc., Erie Palace, New York City._

"ROYAL BROTHER:--Louis has received his baptism of fire. McMAHON wept.
He is training to dispute with Miss LOUISA MOORE, the proud title of the
'Champion Weepist.'

"Send me the Ninth, and the flower of _Opera Bouffe_--aye, even the
great SCHNEIDER--shall be thine. 'Tis France that calls--be kind.
Fraternally thine own,

NAP."

It was at first thought that H.S.H. would accede to the Emperor's
request, his recent treaty with the Court of the _Grande Duchesse_ and
his diplomatic relations with the Viennoise Ballet Troupe having
rendered the event far from improbable. It was also considered that the
hostility which he has openly displayed towards the British Erie
Protection Committee would predispose him in favor of England's natural
enemy. In view of the possible departure of the Ninth, and the
consequent prolongation of the European war, gold rose several degrees
above freezing point.

TEN O'CLOCK.--The Ninth, don't go to Europe after all. Several members
of Company "K" were observed to shed tears of vexation--or joy! Here is
Col. FISK'S reply.

"To NAPOLEON, _(not in Berlin.)_"

"EFFETE MONARCH:--Can't spare the b-hoys at any price. They're going
into camp down at the 'Branch.' Besides, some of them haven't paid for
their uniforms yet. With regards to Eugenie,"

"I am Right Royally Yours,"

JAS. FISK, JR.

"P.S.--If a large diamond, a team of six black and white horses, a
Sound steamer, or a copy of the _Tribune_, would be of any use to you,
command me. I might also spare you GOULD and some of my relations in
case you were very short of men, and had _some very perilous positions_
to fill up. JAMES."

HALF PAST TEN.--Speculators in New York Central and Hudson River
securities are much excited over a report that Commodore VANDERBILT had
been seen to purchase a watering hose in the store of a well known
manufacturer of gardening implements, on Broadway. He wrapped it in
brown paper, placed it in his $1000 buggy, and drove away behind Dexter
at the rate of 0:01-1/4 per minute. I have it on good authority that
there is no truth in the rumor, circulated a few days ago, that the
Commodore was engaged in negotiation with the Paid Fire Department for
the use of their engines, etc., on some occasion not far distant.

ELEVEN O'CLOCK.--It is now officially announced that the watering hose
referred to in my last is intended for gardening purposes only.

HALF PAST ELEVEN.--Great war between Erie and the _Tribune_. _Tribune_
interdicted on Erie Railway and Boston and Long Branch steamers.
Desolation of the Hub in consequence. Panic amongst _Tribune_
stockholders.

TWELVE.--FISK says that the _Tribune_ is so _heavy_ that it _must_ far
the future be paid for by _weight_, on his steamers. It is felt that
this course, if adopted by Mr. GREELEY, would be financially ruinous to
the interests of his paper.

HALF PAST TWELVE.--It is stated here that Mr. GREELEY, in the effectual
disguise of a bran new hat and respectable boots, succeeded in smuggling
a carpet bag filled with _Tribunes_ on board the _Plymouth Rock_. Much
anxiety is felt here concerning his fate, in case the Admiral should
discover his presence on board.

ONE O'CLOCK.--In a letter just received, Mr. GREELEY designates the
above report as "a lie--a lie--false and malicious, and uttered with
intent to malign and defame." I publish Mr. G's correction with
pleasure.

HALT PAST ONE.--For some days past a steady decline has been noticeable
in Government securities; a want of confidence in the Executive is said
to be the cause. It is reported that several of our leading financiers
have openly indicated their dissatisfaction with the policy of those in
power at Washington.

Two O'CLOCK.--The leading financier referred to in my last I find to be
JAMES FISK, JR.

HALF PAST TWO.--He indicated his dissatisfaction with the policy of the
Government, to the President at Long Branch, thus: Having transferred
all the jewels from his left hand to the right, and carefully adjusted
them there, he raised the hand in question to his finely cut Roman nose,
then, extending his fingers, he twirled them for several minutes without
exhibiting any symptoms of fatigue. GRANT is said to have allowed a
prime Partaga to drop from between his lips in his surprise.

THREE O'CLOCK.--It is now rumored that Fisk did not apply his fingers in
the manner stated.

HALF PAST FOUR.--Market (at Delmonico's) gone frantic over a consignment
of _Opera Bouffe_ sent by the Erie Protection Committee as a mark of
confidence in the present Erie management. Eries said to be in good
voice. Preferred stock will open in about a month with an extensive and
carefully selected ballet. _Premieres Danseuses_ (hic) strong, with
extensive sales. Scenery (hic) quiet, (hic.) Appointments active (hic.)

GREENBAGS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Influence of Association.

Reading on one of the bulletin boards, the other day, the words "War to
the Last!" we were irresistibly reminded of the difficulty that lately
existed between the native and Chinese Crispins in Massachusetts.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WAY TO BECOME GREAT.

Half-witted people, only, will suppose I mean _grate_, for the most
obtuse nincompoop must know that anybody can become a grate man by going
into the stove business; but to develop yourself into a real _bona-fide_
great man, like GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN or DANIEL PRATT, requires much
study and a persistent effort. I have carefully thought out this
subject, and have reduced my reflections and observations to a series of
rules, which, for the benefit of humanity, I propose to make public.

It must he premised that there are many varieties of great men. Daddy
LAMBERT was a great man, so was the living skeleton, yet even a casual
observer could perceive the difference in their greatness. The greatness
of the fleshy world is one thing; the greatness of the no-fleshy world
is another. Also, strange as it may seem, a man may be great and yet not
be great. HOOD was a great General, so was NAP 3, but they tell me that
Nashville and Saarbrucken are terrible commentaries on greatness. Also a
man may be great and not know it. They say that, until he had made his
grand success at Fort Fisher, you never could persuade BUTLER that he
was a great General. TUPPER, I am informed, would never believe that he
was the most remarkable poet ever produced by England. Also a man may be
great and be perfectly aware of it. Acquaintances of GEORGE FRANCIS
TRAIN, Gen. O'NEILL, and Count JOANNES, assert that no one knows, better
than these gentlemen, that they are great men. Also a man may die calmly
in the consciousness that he is a distinguished individual, and yet,
years afterwards, some magazine writer may cast historic doubts upon his
greatness.

Of course there are several classes of great people. There is the little
great man, (for example, NAP. 3,) the big great man, (BISMARCK,) the
great little man, (NAP. 1,) and the great big man, (the Onondaga giant.)
But the patient observer must perceive that general rules will cover all
these cases.

It is to be hoped that no one, who shall become great by means of my
rules, will turn upon me and revile me, when he finds himself
interviewed incessantly, persecuted by unearthings of his early sins, by
persistent beggars, by slanders of the envious, by libels of the press,
and by the other concomitants of greatness. You must take the sour with
the sweet. Even the sweetest orange may have an unpleasant rind.

RULES BY WHICH EVERY MAN CAN BECOME GREAT.

1. Always be sure to get what belongs to you, and make most vigorous
grabs for everything that belongs to everybody else.

2. Take everything which is offered to you, if it be on a par with what
you deem the standard of your worth.

This rule requires the exercise of much wisdom in its application. If,
for example, you look upon the Custom House as the office which is
adapted to you, don't, under any circumstances, take the appraiser's
position. But you must never let the rule work the other way.

3. Always have a policy. Talk about it much and often, and be sure to
call it "my policy."

The best of rules being liable to misconstruction, some Congressmen have
acted as if this rule read, "Always have a policy shop."

4. Always have a theory. If a murder has been committed, appear to know
all about the "dog," and to be familiar with its history from the time
when it was a pup. Be sure to fix suspicion upon some person, even if
you are compelled to eat your own words on the following day.

5. Talk much and often about protection, and give advice to farmers,
even if you don't know anything about agriculture.

6. Fill your head with classical quotations, and trot them out on all
occasions, whether discussing a bill for the diffusion of beans among
the Indians, or the Alabama claims.

7. Smoke many costly Havana cigars.

This rule has been lately discovered.

8. Get some one to write a history of CAESAR for you, or an account of a
tour in the Highlands, and then claim the work as your own.

There are one or two observations I would here make, which may be
useful. If you are ambitious, you had better commence at the lower
rounds of the ladder, in order that your ascent may be safe and rapid.
If you would be, for instance, a great statesman, be first an alderman;
if a great warrior, be first--well, say a tanner. Also, you should pay
particular attention to the clothes which you inhabit. An old white hat
and a slouchy old overcoat will insure you a nomination for the office
of Governor.

If, by following these rules and heeding these observations, you cannot
become a great man, you may rest assured that the fault is not in the
rules, but in you. What is already perfect cannot be made more perfect.
If you fail, after conscientiously following the above advice, (though
I'm not sure that the fact will not be the same, if you succeed,) it's
because you are already great--a great fool.

       *       *       *       *       *

"THE COLORED TROOPS FOUGHT NOBLY."

So far as the Franco-Prussian war has gone, the blackest page of its
history appears to be the employment of the Turcos, who are nearly as
black as average Nubian "niggers." The expedient of mixing black troops
with white was not very successful during our own little war. Raids upon
hen-roosts were about the most prominent results of the experiment,
though said raids were magnified by the Rads into grand victories over
Confeds. The Turcos have done better, so far as mere fighting is
concerned; but their brutal outrages exceed so greatly the hen-roost
exploits of WENDELL PHILLIPS'S devoted darkies, that they are certainly
entitled to be organized into battalions bearing the title of the
NAPOLEON Black Guards.

       *       *       *       *       *

"THE VOICE OF THE TURTLE."

According to a newspaper paragraph, turtles are growing used to being
canned alive, now, on the Pacific Coast. On hearing of this atrocity,
the Nine Muses repaired at once to the office of PUNCHINELLO, and here
is the result of their visit:

     'Tis the voice of the Turtle
       That's heard in the land.
     Crying, "Bother your care!
       I don't want to be canned!

     "Pack me whole in a tub,
       Nor be stingy of ice,
     What I want is a BERGH,
       Nothing less will suffice."

       *       *       *       *       *

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_Black-eyed Susan_ asks us whether a Pitched battle can take place on
land.
_Answer._--Certainly not. When we speak of a battle being Pitched we
mean that it has been fought by Tars.

_Fogbank._--"Is DANA, of _The Sun_, any relation to "Truthful JAMES," of
whom the _Overland Monthy_ has written?"
_Answer._--Distantly related, through intermarriage with the LONGBOWS.

_Moses._--We do not suppose that the person referred to by you as a
Dyer and Scourer is in any way related to OLIVER DYER, although the
latter person scoured Water Street some time since, and very
effectually, in pursuit of a "sensation." The word "Scourer,"
nevertheless, might be an allowable corruption of "Esquire," when
applied to any of the proprietors of that mephitic daily, _The Sun_.

_Pickerel._--Will Mr. GREELEY be obliged to dress in court costume if he
accepts the mission to the Court of St. JAMES?
_Answer._--No. It would be contrary to Mr. GREELEY'S well-known
principles to get on "tights."

_Flagroot._--Is it correct to say the "balance" of an army, meaning the
rest of it?
_Answer._--Not always. When an army has turned the Scale of battle,
however, the word Balance may be used.

_Mary Jane._--I have embroidered a flag for the Prussian army, and am at
a loss for a motto. How would "Bear and Forbear" do?
_Answer._--"Beer and for Beer" would be better.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "THERE!--I SHOULD LIKE TO SEE THE UNDERTOW THAT WOULD RUN
AWAY WITH ME!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

A ROAR FROM NIAGARA.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO:--Having been reminded, by your recent notes on
Niagara, that there is a cataract of that name, possessed of height and
depth and breadth and volume and other well-known characteristics of a
genuine Waterfall, I thought I would go and see it for myself. Not that
I doubted your statements--which, indeed, are handsomely supported by
familiar statistics,--but certainly there is a charm in treading the
ground once trod by Greatness, breathing--well not the same air, I hope,
but some of the same kind,--viewing the identical scenes, and being
swindled by the self-same parties, that had just occasioned your
animated comments.

I don't know a charm at all comparable with that of being swindled in
the midst of fine scenery, when the funds and enthusiasm still hold out,
and the sense of actually getting the worth of one's money is not yet so
blunted by transactions calculated to awaken Thought, as to have lost
the power of increasing one's felicity. That the intelligent lad who
drove me was in league with every one of the parties who were stationed
here and there with the sole apparent purpose of receiving fifty cents
from visitors, I was loth to believe, though nothing could have been
plainer, if one had happened to think of it from the start.

Is it not funny, the way they serve their Congress Water at the Cataract
House? They put a big lump of ice in a tumbler, take a bottle from a
shelf, pour the warm, stale fluid, (tasting like _perspiration_, as one
might fancy,) into this glass, and expect you to wait till it has grown
cool enough to be palatable. Well, if you wait, you lose what little
life there is left in the stuff; and if you don't, you'll be sorry you
hadn't done so.

One may say, "You needn't have ordered any Congress Water." Very well,
but why not, provided I liked it? The clerk said they kept Vichy, also,
but I learned they were "out." I wish they had been out of Congress too.
"All right!" said I, "I shall enjoy my breakfast all the more, for I
know _that_ will make amends!" And it did. The "salmon trout" was dry,
as usual, but that breakfast was a good thing. I enjoyed it, and my two
niggers and my New York paper of day before, (for which I paid a cute
looking boy in the hall ten cents, on my way to breakfast,) and was
happy.

Not, my dear P., till I reached the "other side," and had been inveigled
into the Museum Hotel, and persuaded into those vile wrappings of
oil-cloth, with the ponderous rubbers over my thick boots, and had stood
around for some time, awaiting the pleasure of the very leisurely guide,
sweating at every pore, (or _nearly_ every one, for there are several
millions, I believe, and I so hate exaggeration,) and trying to evade
the glances of the amused bystanders, did I begin to realize the
enormity of the imposition that had been practised on me. Just fancy
_yourself_, Mr PUNCHINELLO, in such a costume, taking a seemingly
interminable walk in a hot sun, down ever so many steps, encased in
those nasty articles of gear, in the company of several other helpless
unfortunates, wishing with all your might yon were already there!"

"But the grandeur and glory of the adventure will console me!" I
murmured. Grandeur be hanged! A fig for the "glory!" What! do you call
this "going under the Falls,"--that renowned journey, so full of peril?
Pooh! merely standing in a bath-tub and letting somebody pull the
string! You don't get quite so wet; that's all. Where's the "danger,"
where's the "glory," of merely stepping under a little spirt from one
end of the Falls, with plenty of room to stand, and no darkness, no
mystery, no nothing. Nothing but an overwhelming sense of being a cussed
fool, and a simpleton, and a stupid, _and_ a dunce!

Oh, the going back, after that! in the same loathed costume, inwardly
justifying the laughter of the knowing loungers as you ascend among
them, and cursing yourself as the chief among ten thousand
(ninnies,)--the one altogether idiotic.

Except for this enormous swindle, dear P., I should have enjoyed
Niagara, and Niagara would doubtless have enjoyed me. But this
preposterous, disgusting, outrageous, ridiculous, contemptible,
disgraceful, _unsurpassable_ swindle prevented anything like a mutual
understanding. I saw green in the Falls, the Falls saw green in me. The
Falls kept coming down; I had already come down, (with my dollars,) and,
in fact, was perpetually descending, with sums varying from twenty-five
cents to four dollars and a half.

My sole object, friend PUNCHINELLO, in addressing you on this subject,
is to beg and beseech that you will warn the too-credulous and
too-generous public against this unmatchably atrocious swindle of Going
Under the Falls. It is too much for proud Humanity, Mr. P.! It is
crushing! It is withering! It is annihilating! What! "Annex" this fraud?
Never!--NEVER!

TUPMAN.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POSSIBLE "WHY?" OF IT.

The personal feeling against the French Emperor, so often displayed in
the columns of the _Tribune_, has frequently been a subject of comment.
Nevertheless it is easily accounted for. As Louis NAPOLEON is said to
detest _ham_, ever since he was incarcerated in the fortress of that
name, so does the Hon. HORACE GREELEY detest _him_, ever since he (H.
G.) was arrested in France for some offence, real or imaginary, which we
cannot now recall to mind, and thrown into prison at Clichy. And to
this, also, may be traced the celebrated _bon mot of_ Mr. GREELEY, who
once remarked, on a festive occasion, that "Ham was afflicted with
_trichinosis_ when it had Louis NAPOLEON in it."

       *       *       *       *       *

A HINT FOR EXCURSIONISTS.

On account of the present nauseating condition of New York Bay, owing to
the offal nuisance, no prudent voyager should seek to stem its feculent
tide unless provided with "something to take." An intelligent
correspondent suggests that brandy would be about the thing, but that it
should be labelled "Bay Bum."

       *       *       *       *       *

A Military Opinion.

The "Prussian centre," of which we hear so much just now, ought to be
permanently established at Cologne, which place has been, in feet, the
Scenter of the world for generations past.

       *       *       *       *       *

BOOK NOTICE.

LIFE OF CHARLES DICKENS. By E. SHELTON MACKENZIE, LL.D,, Philadelphia:
T. B. PETERSON AND BROTHERS.

In this volume of 484 pages, Dr. MACKENZIE brings before his readers a
very full and interesting compilation of facts relating to the career of
the great novelist. Besides these, the volume contains a number of
characteristic articles from the pen of DICKENS, published, originally,
in _All the Year Round_, some of which are of recent date. The book is
embellished with a portrait and autograph of DICKENS.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   Extraordinary Bargains.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Respectfully call the attention of their Customers and    |
  |             Strangers to their attractive Stock              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       SUMMER AND FALL                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DRESS SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      At popular prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Striped, Checked and Chine                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |             In great variety, $1 to $2 per yard;             |
  |                      value $1.50 to $3                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PLAIN FOULARD,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  $1.50, value $2 per yard.                   |
  |                   24 inch Black and White                    |
  |                 Striped $1.75; value $2.50.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       STRIPED SATINS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.25; value $2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Plain and Striped Japanese,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    75c. and $1 per yard.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Rich White and Colored Dress Satins,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                        Extra Quality.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A CHOICE LINE OF                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PLAIN GRAINS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |             for Evening and Street, $2.50 to $3;             |
  |                 value $3 to $3.50 per yard.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A FEW EXTRA RICH                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             SATIN BROCADE SILKS, AMERICAN SILKS,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Black and Colored, $2.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                  JOB LOT OF MEDIUM AND RICH                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       GREAT BARGAINS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A COMPLETE STOCK                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLACK SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      At popular prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                      PLAIN AND STRIPED                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      GAZE DE CHAMBREY,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Alexandre Best Kid Gloves, &c., &c.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Are offering several lots of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      HOUSEKEEPING GOODS                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MUCH BELOW                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     COST OF IMPORTATION.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             5-8 and 3-4 Single and Double DAMASK             |
  |              NAPKINS, from $1 to $3.50 per doz.              |
  |                                                              |
  |             DAMASK TABLE CLOTHS, all sizes, from             |
  |                     $1.50 to $2.75 each.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Brown and Bleached TABLE DAMASK, all             |
  |               linen, from 40 to 75c. per yard.               |
  |                                                              |
  |             LINEN SHEETING, from 60 to 90c. per              |
  |                            yard.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |           PILLOW LINENS, from 30 to 70c. per yard            |
  |                                                              |
  |          LINEN SHEETS, for Single and Double Beds,           |
  |                     at $2.5O and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Fringed HUCKABACK TOWELS, $1                 |
  |                     per doz. and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |              Bleached HUCKABACK TOWELS, 12 1-2               |
  |                     per yard and upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |           Excellent Kitchen Towelling. In 25 yard            |
  |                   pieces, $3.25 per piece.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |             Several Hundred pieces Linen Nursery             |
  |           Diapers, various widths, at $1 per piece           |
  |                    below Current prices.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MARSEILLES                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     QUILTS AND BLANKETS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        AT LOW PRICES.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |       Attention of House and Hotel Keepers is invited        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. ll x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13x18.                                        |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

[Illustration: DODD'S LANDLADY IS VERY LAVISH OF "FLY-PAPER," AND, AS
DODD NEVER KNOWS WHERE HE PUTS HIMSELF OR HIS HAT, THE RESULT IS RATHER
AMUSING.]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS, Wholesale and Retail,               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                     CARD Manufacturers,                      |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 PINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES. All on the same premises, and under        |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                          prepared.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    COMBINATION EXCURSION                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Round Trip Tickets,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |      Valid during the the entire season, and embracing       |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |     Nos. 241, 529 and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38     |
  |  Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue Harlem; 338  |
  |   Fulton St. Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St, New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long   |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |         PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers,"         |
  |               "Water-Lilies," "Chas. Dickens."               |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the     |
  |                            world.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of     |
  |                            stamp.                            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |     With a large and varied experience in the management     |
  | and publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted,  |
  |    and with the still more positive advantage of an Ample    |
  |           Capital to justify the undertaking, the            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          The first number of which was issued under          |
  |                       date of April 2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |      Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless      |
  |                 postage stamps are inclosed.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, per year, in advance                       $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies                                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  |         A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the         |
  |                    receipt of ten cents.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other      |
  |  magazine or paper, price, $2.50, for                 $5.50  |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for $7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                   P.O. Box 2783, NEW YORK.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  | The New Burlesque Serial, Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO  |
  |                     BY ORPHEUS C. KERR,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author written by his bosom friend,  |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found at the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from    |
  |                this office, free,) Ten Cents.                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Subscription for One Year, one copy, with $2 Chromo      |
  |                         Premium, $4.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |   We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any   |
  |  one who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the  |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |   PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, P.O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau   |
  |                        St., New York                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

Geo. W. Wheat & Co. Printers, No. 8 Spruce Street.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 24, September
10, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 24 ***

***** This file should be named 10032.txt or 10032.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/3/10032/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team.

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 25, September 17,
1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 25, September 17, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10033]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 25 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        CARBOLIC SALVE                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Recommended by Physicians.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The best Salve in use for all disorders of the Skin,     |
  |                 for Cuts, Burns, Wounds, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      USED IN HOSPITALS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       PRICE 25 CENTS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               JOHN F. HENRY, Sole Proprietor,                |
  |                No. 8 College Place, New York.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer duality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |   is called to the following grades as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

Vol. I   No. 25


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 1870.



PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.


See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |     The first volume of PUNCHINELLO, ending with No. 26,     |
  |                     September 24, 1870,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound in Fine Cloth,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |         will be ready for delivery on Oct. 1, 1870.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Sent postpaid to any part of the United States on receipt of |
  |                            price.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of the paper for one year, from October 1st, No. 27,  |
  |  and the Bound Volume (the latter prepaid,) will be sent to  |
  |                  any subscriber for $5.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Three copies for one year, and three Bound Volumes, with an  |
  |  extra copy of Bound Volume, to any person sending us three  |
  |                  subscriptions for $16.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            One copy of paper for one year, with a            |
  |             fine chromo premium, for------ $4.00             |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Back numbers can always be supplied, as the paper is     |
  |                        electrotyped.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Book canvassers will find this volume a            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Orders supplied at a very liberal discount.          |
  |                                                              |
  |              All remittances should be made in               |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Post Office orders.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Canvassers wanted for the paper,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                         everywhere.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     83 NASSAU ST., N. Y.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      P.O. Box No, 2783.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                The Weekly Numbers for August,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 Broadway                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M,             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH _President_                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    For April, May, June, July, and August, an attractive     |
  |                      and Saleable Work                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       83 Nassau Street                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application       |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845]                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                      20-22 Gold Street,                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    The Best and Cheapest                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                         256 Broadway                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats, C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,     |
  |  commencing May 31. will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  | Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill, Hudson |
  |  and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge cars in   |
  |    connection with the day boats will leave on arrival at    |
  |  Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare $4.25  |
  |  from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat Seneca   |
  |        will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     Parties desiring Catalogues of any of Our Publishing     |
  |     Houses, can have the same forwarded by inclosing two     |
  |                            stamps                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      [P. O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR

CHAPTER XVIII

A SUBTLE STRANGER.

The latest transient guest at the Roach House--a hotel kept on the
entomological plan in Bumsteadville--was a gentleman of such lurid
aspect as made every beholder burn to know whom he could possibly be.
His enormous head of curled red hair not only presented a central
parting on top and a very much one-sided parting and puffing-out behind,
but actually covered both his ears; while his ruddy semi-circle of beard
curled inward, instead of out, and greatly surprised, if it did not
positively alarm, the looker-on, by appearing to remain perfectly
motionless, no matter how actively the stranger moved his jaws. This
ball of improbable inflammatory hair and totally independent face rested
in a basin of shirt collar; which, in its turn, was supported by a rusty
black necktie and a very loose suit of gritty alpaca; so that, taking
the gentleman for all in all, such an incredible human being had rarely
been seen outside of literary circles.

"Landlord," said the stranger to the brown linen host of the Roach
House, who was intently gazing at him with the appreciative expression
of one who beholds a comic ghost,--"landlord, after you have finished
looking at my head and involuntarily opening your mouth at some
occasional peculiarity of my whiskers, I should like to have something
to eat. As you tell me that woodcock is not fit to eat this year, and
that broiled chicken is positively prohibited by the Board of Health in
consequence of the sickly season, you may bring me some pork and beans,
and some crackers. Bring plenty of crackers, landlord, for I'm uncommon
fond of crackers. By absorbing the superfluous moisture in the head,
they clear the brain and make it more subtle."

Having been served with the wholesome country fare he had ordered,
together with a glass of the heady native wine called applejack, the
gentleman had but just moved a slice of pork from its bed in the beans,
when, with much interest, he closely inspected the spot of vegetables he
had uncovered, and expressed the belief that there was something alive
in it.

"Landlord," said he, musingly, "there is something amongst these beans
that I should take for a raisin, if it did not move."

Placing upon his nose a pair of vast silver spectacles, which gave him
an aspect of having two attic windows in his countenance, the landlord
bowed his head over the plate until his nose touched the beans, and
thoughtfully scrutinized the living raisin.

"As I thought, sir, it is only a water-bug," he observed, rescuing the
insect upon his thumb-nail. "You need not have been frightened, however,
for they never bite."

Somewhat reassured, the stranger went on eating until his knife
encountered resistance in the secondary layer of beans; when he once
more inspected the dish, with marked agitation.

"Can this be a skewer, down here?" inquired he, prodding at some hard,
springy object with his fork.

The host of the Roach House bore both fork and object to a window, where
the light was less deceptive, and was presently able to announce
confidently that the object was only a hair-pin. Then, observing that
his guest looked curiously at a cracker, which, from the gravelly marks
on one side, seemed to have been dug out of the earth, like a potato, he
hastened to obviate all complaint in that line by carefully wiping every
individual cracker with his pocket handkerchief.

"And now, landlord," said the stranger, at last, pulling a couple of
long, unidentified hairs from his mouth as he hurriedly retired from the
meal, "I suppose you are wondering who I am?"

"Well, sir," was the frank answer, "I can't deny that there are points
about you to make a plain man like myself thoughtful. There's that about
your hair, sir, with the middle-parting on top and the side-parting
behind, to give a plain person the impression that your brain must be
slightly turned, and that, by rights, your face ought to be where your
neck is. Neither can I deny, sir, that the curling of your whiskers the
wrong way, and their peculiarity in remaining entirely still while your
mouth is going, are circumstances calculated to excite the liveliest
apprehensions of those who wish you well."

"The peculiarities you notice," returned the gentleman, "may either
exist solely in your own imagination, or they may be the result of my
own ill-health. My name is TRACEY CLEWS, and I desire to spend a few
weeks in the country for physical recuperation. Have you any idea where
a dead-beat,[1] like myself, could find inexpensive lodgings in
Bumsteadville?"

The host hastily remarked, that his own bill for those pork and beans
was fifty cents; and upon being paid, coldly added that a Mrs. SMYTHE,
wife of the sexton of Saint Cow's Ritualistic Church, took hash-eaters
for the summer. As the gentleman preferred a high-church private
boarding-house to an unsectarian first class hotel, all he had to do was
to go out on the road again, and keep inquiring until he found the
place.

Donning his Panama hat, and carrying a stout cane, Mr. CLEWS was quickly
upon the turnpike; and, his course taking him near the pauper
burial-ground, he presently perceived an extremely disagreeable child
throwing stones at pigeons in a field, and generally hitting the
beholder.

"You young Alderman! what do you mean?" he exclaimed, with marked
feeling, rubbing the place on his knee which had just been struck.

"Then just give me a five-cent stamp to aim at yer, and yer won't ketch
it onc't," replied the boyish trifler. "I couldn't hit what I was to
fire at if it was my own daddy."

"Here are ten cents, then," said the gentleman, wildly dodging the last
shot at a distant pigeon, "and now show me where Mrs. SMYTHE lives.

"All right, old brick-top," assented the merry sprite, with a vivacious
dash of personality. "D'yer see that house as yer skoot past the Church
and round the corner?"

"Yes."

"Well, that's SMYTHE'S, and BUMSTEAD lives there, too--him as is always
tryin' to put a head on me. I'll play my points on him yet, though.
_I'll_ play my points!" And the rather vulgar young chronic absentee
from Sunday-school retired to a proper distance, and from thence began
stoning his benefactor to the latter's perfect safety.

Reaching the boarding-house of Mrs. SMYTHE, as directed, Mr. TRACEY
CLEWS soon learned from the lady that he could have a room next to the
apartment of Mr. BUMSTEAD, to whom he was referred for further
recommendation of the establishment. Though that broken-hearted
gentleman was mourning the loss of a beloved umbrella, accompanied by a
nephew, and having a bone handle, Mrs. SMYTHE was sure he would speak a
good word for her house. Perhaps Mr. CLEWS had heard of his loss?

Mr. CLEWS could not exactly recall that particular case; but had a
confused recollection of having lost several umbrellas himself, at
various times, and had no doubt that the addition of a nephew must make
such a loss still heavier.

Mr. BUMSTEAD being in his room when the introduction took place, and
having Judge SWEENEY for company over a bowl of lemon tea, the new
boarder lifted his hat politely to both dignitaries, and involuntarily
smacked his lips at the mixture they were taking for their coughs.

"Excuse me, gentlemen," said Mr. TRACEY CLEWS, in a manner almost
stealthy; "but, as I am about to take summer board with the lady of this
house, I beg leave to inquire if she and the man she married are
strictly moral except in having cold dinner on Sunday?"

Mr. BUMSTEAD, who sat very limply in his chair, said that she was a very
good woman, a very good woman, and would spare no pains to secure the
comfort of such a head of hair as he then saw before him.

"This is my dear friend, Judge SWEENEY," continued the Ritualistic
organist, languidly waving a spoon towards that gentleman, "who has a
very good wife in the grave, and knows much more about women and gravy
than I. As for me," exclaimed Mr. BUMSTEAD, suddenly climbing upon the
arm of his chair and staring at Mr. CLEW'S head rather wildly, "my only
bride was of black alpaca, with a brass ferrule, and I can never care
for the sex again." Here Mr. BUMSTEAD, whose eyes had been rolling in an
extraordinary manner, tumbled into his chair again, and then, frowning
intensely, helped himself to lemon tea.

"I am referred to your Honor for further particulars," observed Mr.
TRACEY CLEWS, bowing again to Judge SWEENEY. "Not to wound our friend
further by discussion of the fair sex, may I ask if Bumsteadville
contains many objects of interest for a stranger, like myself?"

"One, at least, sir," answered the Judge. "I think I could show you a
tombstone which you would find very good reading. An epitaph upon my
late better-half. If you are a married man you can not help enjoying
it."

Mr. CLEWS regretted to inform his Honor, that he had never been a
married man, and, therefore, could not presume to fancy what the
literary enjoyment of a widower must be at such a treat.

"A journalist, I presume?" insinuated Judge SWEENEY, more and more
struck by the other's perfect pageant of incomprehensible hair and
beard.

"His Honor flatters me too much."

"Something in the lunatic line, then, perhaps?"

"I have told your Honor that I never was married."

Since last speaking, Mr. BUMSTEAD had been staring at the new boarder's
head and face, with a countenance expressive of mingled consternation
and wrath, and now made a startling rush at him from his chair and
fairly forced half a glass of lemon tea down his throat.

"There, sir!" said the mourning organist, panting with suppressed
excitement. "That will keep you from taking cold until you can be walked
up and down in the open air long enough to get your hair and beard
sober. They have been indulging, sir, until the top of your head has
fallen over backwards, and your whiskers act as though they belonged to
somebody else. The sight confuses me, sir, and in my present state of
mind I can't bear it."

Coughing from the lemon tea, and greatly amazed by his hasty dismissal,
Mr. CLEWS followed Judge SWEENEY from the room and house in precipitate
haste, and, when they were fairly out of doors, remarked, that the
gentleman they had just left had surprised him unprecedentedly, and that
he was very much put out by it.

"Mr. JOHN BUMSTEAD, sir," explained the Judge, "is almost beside himself
at the double loss he has sustained, and I think that the sight of your
cane, there, maddened him with the memory it revived."

"Why," exclaimed the gentleman of the hair, staring in wonder, "you
don't mean to tell me that my cane looks at all like his nephew?"

"It looks a little like the stick of his umbrella, which he lost at the
same time," was the grave answer.

After walking on in thoughtful silence for a while, as though deeply
pondering the striking character of a man whose great nature could thus
at once unite the bereaved uncle with the sincere mourner for the dumb
friend of his rainier days, Mr. TRACEY CLEWS asked whether suspicion yet
pointed to any one?

Yes, he was told, suspicion did point very decidedly at a certain
person; but, as no specific reward had yet been offered in sufficient
amount to justify the exertions of police officials having families to
support; and as no lifeless body had yet been found; and as it was not
exactly certain that the abstraction of an umbrella by unknown parties
would justify the criminal prosecution of a person for having in his
possession an Indian Club:--in view of all these complicated
circumstances, the law did not feel itself authorized to execute any
assassin at present.

"And here we are, sir, at last, near our Ritualistic Church," continued
Judge SWEENEY, "where we stand up for the Rite so much that strangers
sometimes complain of it as fatiguing. Upon that monument yonder, in the
graveyard, you may find the epitaph I have mentioned. What is more, here
comes a rather interesting local character of ours, who cut the
inscription and put up the monument."

Mr. MCLAUGHLIN came shuffling up the road as he spoke, followed in the
distance by the inevitable SMALLEY and a shower of promiscuous stones.

"Here, you boy!" roared Judge SWEENEY, beckoning the amiable child to
him with a bit of small money, "aim at _all_ of us--do you hear?--and
see that you don't hit any windows. And now, MCLAUGHLIN, how do you do?
Here is a gentleman spending the summer with us, who would like to know
you."

Old MORTARITY stared at the hair and beard, thus introduced to him, with
undisguised amazement, and grimly remarked, that if the gentleman would
come to see him any evening, and bring a social bottle with him, he
would not allow the gentleman's head to stand in the way of a further
acquaintance.

"I shall certainly call upon you," assented Mr. CLEWS, "if our young
friend, the stone-thrower, will accept a trifle to show me the way."

Before retiring to his bed that night, the same Mr. TRACEY CLEWS took
off his hair and beard, examined them closely, and then broke into a
strange smile. "No wonder they all looked at me so!" he soliloquized,
"for I did have my locks on the topside backmost, and my whiskers turned
the wrong way. However, for a dead-beat, with all his imperfections on
his head, I've formed a pretty large acquaintance for one day."[2]

(_To be Continued._)


[Footnote 1: "Buffer" is the term used in the English story. Its nearest
native equivalent is, probably, our Dead-Beat;" meaning, variously,
according to circumstances, a successful American politician; a wife's
male relative; a watering-place correspondent of a newspaper, a New York
detective policeman; any person who is uncommonly pleasant with people,
while never asking them to take anything with him; a pious boarder; a
French revolutionist.]

[Footnote 2: In both conception and execution, the original of the above
Chapter, in Mr. DICKENS's work, is, perhaps, the least felicitous page
of fiction ever penned by the great novelist; and, as this Adaptation is
in no wise intended as a burlesque, or caricature, of the _style_ at the
original, (but rather as a conscientious imitation of it, so far as
practicable,) the Adapter has not allowed himself that license of humor
which, in the most comically effective treatment of said Chapter, might
bear the appearance of such an intention.]

       *       *       *       *       *

PUNCHINELLO CORRESPONDENCE

ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.

_Patchouli._--What is the substance which enables flies to adhere to the
ceiling?
_Answer._--Ceiling wax.

_Rosalie._--What is the meaning of the term "suspended animation?"
_Answer._--If you remain at any fashionable watering-place after the
close of the season you'll find out.

_Zanesvillian._--Your pronunciation of the French word _bois_ is
incorrect, else you could not have fallen into the blunder of supposing
that the Bois de Boulogne and the Bois de Vincennes are _gamins_ of
Paris.

_Blunderbore._--Your suggestion is ingenious, but the refined sentiment
of cruelty revealed in it is deserving of the severest censure. It is
true that the introduction of German cookery into France by the
Prussians, as you propose, would in a short time decimate the
population, but what a fearful precedent it would be! You can best
realize it by imagining Massachusetts cookery introduced into New York,
and the consequent desolation of her purliens.

_Mrs. Gamp._--No; neither the French nor the Prussians are armed with
air guns. Your mistake arose from puzzling over those distracting war
reports, in which the word Argonnes figures so conspicuously.

_R.G.W._--What is the origin of the term "Bezonian," which occurs in the
Shaksperean drama?
_Answer._--Some trace it to Ben Zine, an inflammable friend of "ancient
Pistol's." It is far more probable, however, that the word was
originally written "Bazainian," and was merely prophetic of the
well-known epithet now bestowed by Prussian soldiers on the French
troops serving under BAZAINE.

_Earl Russel_--In reply to your question as to whether the thumb nail of
HOGARTH on which he made his traditional sketch of a drunken man, is now
in an American collection, we can only state that, of course, it once
formed a leading object of interest in BARNUM'S Museum. As that building
was destroyed by fire in 1865, however, it is to be presumed that the
HOGARTH nail perished with all the other nails, or was sold with them,
as "junk."

_Invalid._--To regain strength you should take means to increase the
amount of iron in your blood. Bark will do it, which accounts for the
fact that the blood of dogs has a large per centage of iron. Here in New
York, the ordinary way of getting iron in the blood is to have a knife
run into you by the hand of an assassin; but this is not considered
favorable to longevity.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE ROMANCE OF A RICH YOUNG MAN.

It happened, once upon a time, that there was a great city, and that
city, being devoid of a sensation, yearned for a great man. Then the
wise men of the city began to look around, when lo! there entered
through the gates of the city a certain peddler from a foreign country,
which is called Yankee Land, and behold! the great man was found. He
dealt in shekels and stocks, and bloomed and flourished, and soon became
like unto a golden calf, and lo! all the wise men fell down and
worshipped him. Now it happened that at first, like all great men, he
was misunderstood, and the people ascribed his success to his partner,
so that everybody said,

    The name is but the guinea's stamp,
    The man's a GOULD for all that;

but the people were soon disabused of this idea, and the name of JEAMES
PHYSKE was in everybody's mouth.

Now it came to pass that there was a certain devout man called DEDREW,
who was the Grand Mogul and High Priest of a certain railroad
corporation called the Eareye, because, while it was much in everybody's
ear, no one could see anything of it or its dividends. So JEAMES PHYSKE
went straightway unto DEDREW and said unto him, "Lo! your servant is as
full of wiles as an egg is of meat. Make me then, I pray you, your chief
adviser, and put me in the high places." And DEDREW smiled upon him, as
he is wont to do, and finding that he was a stranger, he took him in,
and knowing that all were fish which came unto his net, he straightway
put him in the high places in Eareye, saying unto himself, "I will take
this lamb and fleece him." So PHYSKE sat high in Eareye. But it came to
pass very soon thereafter, that DEDREW and PHYSKE fell out, some say
about the division of the spoils which they had taken from the enemy,
which, being interpreted, is the people, while others do state that
DEDREW attempted to cut the wool from PHYSKE, but that it stuck so
tightly that PHYSKE caught him. Anyhow, it came to pass, very soon, that
DEDREW was sitting on the outside steps of Eareye, and PHYSKE was
sitting on DEDREW'S throne.

Then PHYSKE ruled Eareye, and he took the stock and he did multiply it
manifold, which is called, by some people, watering. Now it happened
that a certain man named PYKE did build him a costly mansion on the
street which is called Twenty-third, and did therein have foreign
singers and dancers, and players upon the violin, which is called the
fiddle, and upon the bass viol, which is called the big fiddle, and upon
sheets of parchment, which are called the drum, and upon divers other
instruments. And PHYSKE looked upon the mansion, and it seemed good in
his eyes, and he said unto PYKE, "Sell me now your mansion." And PYKE
did sell unto him the mansion, and the foreign singers and dancers, and
the players upon the violin, which is called the fiddle, and the players
upon the big fiddle, and the players upon the drums, and the players
upon divers other instruments. And PHYSKE forthwith built himself a
throne there, and did make the mansion the palace of Eareye. And he
would sit upon his throne and view the foreign singers and dancers, and
the players upon divers instruments, and would much applaud, when his
foreign dancers did dance a certain dance, wherein the toe is placed
upon the forehead, and which is called the _cancan_. And all the people
came and worshipped him, him and his foreign singers and dancers, and
players upon divers instruments, and his great diamond. And PHYSKE was
called Prince Eareye.

Then it happened that PHYSKE much desired to command upon the ocean; so
he forthwith bought him a line of steamers, which did run to the foreign
land, which is called Yankee Land, and he placed thereon a goodly number
of his players upon divers instruments, and he did buy him a coat of
many colors, and did stand upon the landing place, which is called the
dock, and the players upon divers instruments did play, "Hail to the
Chief," and all the people did shout, "Hurrah for Admiral PHYSKE, Prince
of Eareye!" for he was of a noble stature, being four hands wider than
his fellows.

Now it came to pass that divers envious persons did institute certain
troublesome actions, which are called suits, against him, and did
endeavor to drive him from the land, but PHYSKE took a field and went
before a barnyard, and did rout these envious persons, and did smite
them on the hip, which, being interpreted, is that he dismissed their
suits, and did smite them on the thigh, which, being interpreted, is,
did make them pay costs. But the field and the barnyard were much
employed.

Then PHYSKE took into his counsel divers persons, dealers in shekels,
and did say unto them, "Let us find us a man who can tell us whether
those in high places will sell gold. And if he say unto us, nay, let us
buy much gold and make many shekels." And the divers persons, dealers in
shekels, were astonished at his shrewdness, and were all of one accord.
Then PHYSKE found him a man who did say unto him nay, and PHYSKE and
the divers other persons did buy much gold. Now it happened that those
in high places did sell gold, and PHYSKE and the divers other persons
were sore afraid, and did fall upon each other's necks and did weep. But
PHYSKE straightway recovered and said unto them, "Lo, if I do murder and
the doctor say that I was insane, am I not forthwith discharged?" and
they said unto him, "It is even so." Then said he unto them, "Let us
send our broker into the board, so that he shall act like an insane man,
and can we be held for an insane man's purchases?" And they were filled
with great rejoicing. And the broker did go into the board, and did act
like an insane man, and PHYSKE and divers other persons did retain their
shekels. And it was Friday when they did these things, and when they had
done them they laughed until they were black in their faces, and the
day--is it not called Black Friday?

Then PHYSKE did bring unto himself other boats and other roads, and
waxed powerful, and became great in the land, and he was much
interviewed by the scribes of a certain paper, "It shines for all,"
which, being interpreted, is the Moon, and his sayings--can they not be
found in the pages of "It shines for all," which, being interpreted, is
the Moon, and are they not preserved there for two centuries?

And then it came to pass that PHYSKE sat himself down and sighed because
there were no more worlds to conquer. But straightway he resolved to
become a Colonel. So certain persons endeavored to make him commander of
the 99th regiment of foot, but a certain old centurion, which is Brains,
ran against him and overcame him. But the soldiers said unto each other,
"Is it not better that we should have body than brains, and had we not
better take unto ourselves the fleshpots?" So they deposed Brains and
chose the Prince of Eareye as their commander. And he straightway
submitted them to twelve temptations. Now it happened, that, as he was
marching at the head of his soldiers in the place wherein these twelve
temptations are kept, a certain servant of one Mammon did serve upon him
a paper, which is called a summons, and did command him to pay for his
butter. At which PHYSKE was much enraged and did wax wroth. And
thereupon he did march and countermarch his soldiers many times. And he
ordered another coat of many colors, and lo! in all Chatham Street there
was not cloth enough to make it, so they brought it from a foreign land.
And it came to pass that he and the centurion, which is Brains--for
should not body and brains work together?--did march the soldiers down
the street which is called Broadway, and did take them to the Branch
which is called Long, and there did divers curious things, all which are
they not found in the paper, "It shines for all," which, being
interpreted, is the Moon?

Now it happened that one HO RACE GREL HE, being a Prussian, did fall
upon PHYSKE and did berate him in a paper, which is called the _Try
Buin_. And PHYSKE became very wroth and did stop the sale of the paper,
which is called the _Try Buin_, upon his roads. And HO RACE GREL HE,
being a Prussian, was sore afraid, and did fall straightway upon his
knees, and did say, "Lo, your servant has sinned! I pray thee forgive
him." And PHYSKE did say, "I forgive thee," which, being interpreted,
is, "All right, old coon, don't let me catch you at it again."

And PHYSKE did divers other strange and curious things, but are they not
written down daily by the scribes of the paper, "It shines for all,"
which, being interpreted, is the Moon, and cannot he who runs, read them
there?

LOT.


       *       *       *       *       *

From the Spirit of Lindley Murray.

When is a schoolboy like an event that has happened?
When he has come to parse.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WATERING PLACES.

Punchinello's Vacations.

Vain heading! This paper is not intended to communicate anything about a
vacation. "Would that it were! says Mr. PUNCHINELLO, from the bottom of
his heart.

Last week Mr. P. intended going to the White Mountains.

But he didn't go.

On his way to the Twenty-third Street depot, he met the Count JOANNES.

"Ah ha! my noble friend!" said the latter. ""Whither away"?"

Mr. P. explained whither he was away; and was amazed to see the singular
expression which instantly spread itself over the countenance of his
noble friend.

"To the "White Mountains!"cried the Count," why, my good fellow, what
are you thinking of? Do you not know that this is September?"

"Certainly I do,"said Mr. P." I know that this is the season when Nature
revels in her richest hues, and Aurora gilds the fairest landscape; when
the rays of glorious old Sol are tempered by the soft caresses of the
balmiest zephyrs, and--"

"Oh, certainly! certainly!" cried the Count, "I have no doubt of it; not
the least bit in the world. In fact, I have been in those places myself
when a boy, and I know all about it. But let me tell you, sir, as
_amicus curiae_, (and I assure you that I have often been _amicus
curiae_ before,) that society will not tolerate anything of this kind on
your part, sir. The skies in the country may be bluest at this season,
sir; the air most delicious, the scenery most gorgeous, and
accommodations of all kinds most plenty and excellent, but it will not
do. The conductor of a first class journal belongs in a manner to
society, and society will never forgive him for going into the country
after the season is over. As _amicus curiae_--"

"_Amicus_ your grandmother, sir!" said Mr. P. "What does society know
about the beauties of nature, or the proper time for enjoying them?"

"Society knows enough about it, sir!" cried the Count, drawing his sword
a little way from its scabbard and letting it fall again with: clanging
sound. "And representing society, as I do in my proper person here, sir,
I say that any man who would go into the country in the latter part of
September is a---"

"A what, sir?" said Mr. P., nervously fingering his umbrella.

"Yes, sir, he is, sir!"

"Do you say that, sir?"

"In your teeth, sir!"

"'Tis false, sir!"

"What, sir?"

"Just so, sir!"

"To me, sir?"

"To you, sir!"

The Count JOANNES drew his sword.

Mr. P. stood _en garde_.

Just at this moment the Greenwich Street Cordwainers' Target
Association, preceded by one half the whole body of Metropolitan Police,
approached the spot. The Target Society were out on a street parade, and
the policemen marched before them to clear Broadway of all vehicles and
foot-passengers, and to stop short, for the time, the business of a
great city, in order that these twenty spindle-legged and melancholy
little cobblers might have a proper opportunity of showing their utter
ignorance of all rules of marching, and the management of firearms.

Perceiving this vast body of police, with Superintendent JOURDAN at its
head, advancing with measured tread upon them, the Count sheathed his
sword and Mr. P. shut up his deadly weapon.

Slowly and in opposite directions they withdrew from the ground.

It was too late for Mr. P.'s train, and he returned to his home. There,
in the solitude of his private apartments, he came to the conclusion
that it would be useless to oppose the decrees of Society. The idea that
the Count, that worthy leader of the metropolitan _ton_, had put into
his head, was not to be treated contemptuously. He must give up all the
fruity richness of September, the royal glories of October, and the
delicious hazes of the Indian Summer, pack away his fish-hooks and his
pocket-flask, and stay in the city like the rest of the fools.

This conclusion, however, did not prevent Mr. P. from dreaming. He had a
delightful dream that night, in which he found himself sailing on Lake
George; ascending Mount Washington; and participating in the revelry of
a clam-bake on the seagirt shore of Kings and Queens and Suffolk
Counties. As nearly as circumstances will permit, he has endeavored to
give an idea of his dream by means of the following sketch.

Taken as a whole, Mr. P. is not desirous that this dream should come
true, but taken in parts he would have no objections to see it fulfilled
as soon as Society will permit.

Which will be, he supposes, about next July.

In the meantime, he advises such of his patrons as have depended
entirely upon his letters for their summer recreation, and who will now
be deprived of this delightful enjoyment, to make every effort to go to
some of our summer resorts and spend a few weeks after the fashionable
season is over,--that is, if they think they can brave the opinion of
society. It may not be so pleasant to go to these places as to read Mr.
P.'s accounts of them, but it is the best that can be done.

The following little tail-piece will give a forcible idea of how
completely Mr. P. has given up, for the season, his field sports and
country pleasures. Copies may be obtained by placing a piece of
tracing-paper over the picture and following the lines with a
lead-pencil.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.

CANTO VI.

    TAFFY was a Welshman,
    TAFFY was a thief,
  TAFFY came to my house and stole a piece of beef.
    I went to TAFFY'S house,
    TAFFY wasn't at home,
  TAFFY came to my house and stole a mutton bone.

It is not often that a poet descends to the discussion of mundane
affairs. His sphere of usefulness, oftentimes usefulness to himself,
only, lies among the roseate clouds of the morn, or the spiritual
essences of the cerulean regions, but, like other human beings, he
cannot live on the zephyr breeze, or on the moonbeams flitting o'er the
rippling stream. Such ethereal food is highly unproductive of adipose
tissue, and the poet needs adipose like any other man. And our poet is
no exception to the rule, for he well knew that good digestible poetry
can't be written on an empty stomach.

It is seldom that a writer is met with, who does not seize every
opportunity to attract attention to his own deeds. He is never so happy
as when, in contemplation, he hears the remarks of his readers tending
to his praise for the noble and heroic deeds he makes himself perform.

But with our poet--and we have been exceptional in our choice--he has
always been backward in coming forward, and it was not until he was
touched upon a tender point that he concluded to make himself heard,
when he might depict, in glowing terms, some of the few ills which flesh
is heir to.

The opportune moment arrived.

He had been out since early dawn, gathering the dew from the
sweet-scented flower, or painting in liquid vowels the pleasant calmness
of the cow-pasture, or mayhap echoing with hie pencil's point the
well-noted strains of the Shanghai rooster, when the far-off distant
bell announced to him that he must finish his poetic pabulum, and hurry
home to something more in accordance with the science of modern cookery.

He arrived and found his household in tumult. "Who's been here since
I've been gone?" sang he, in pathetic tones. And he heard in mournful
accents the answer, "TAFFY."

Could anything more melancholy have befallen our poet? He could remember
in childhood's merry days the old candy-woman, with her plentiful store
of brown sweetness long drawn out; and how himself and companions spent
many a pleasant hour teasing their little teeth with the delicate
morsels. Now his childhood's dreams vanished. He remembered that

    "TAFFY was a Welshman."

And then, after a careful scrutiny of the larder, assisted by the
gratuitous services of his ever faithful feline friend, THOMAS, he
found the extent of his loss.

      "TAFFY was a thief,"

he now gave vent to passion, while anguish rent his soul. TAFFY had been
here, and made good his coming, although the good was entirely on
TAFFY'S side, for he walked off again with a piece of beef, and was,
even at this very moment, smacking his chops over its tender fibres.

All his respect for TAFFY now vanished like the misty cloud before the
rays of the morning sun. He buckled on the armor of his strength,
departed for TAFFY'S house, determined to wreak his vengeance thereon,
and scatter TAFFY, limb for limb, throughout his own corn-field. "Woe,
woe to TAFFY," he muttered between his clenched teeth. "I will make
mincemeat of him; I will enclose him in sausage skins, and will send him
to that good man, KI YI SAMPSON."

Judge of our poet's chagrin, however, when, on arriving at TAFFY'S
house, he was informed, with mocking smiles.

     "TAFFY wasn't at home."

Here was a fall to his well-formed plans of vengeance.--All dashed to
the ground by one foul scathing blow.

But whither went TAFFY? The poet himself could tell you if you waited,
but we will tell you now. TAFFY liked beef; liked it as no other human
liked it, for he could eat it raw. And when, foraging around the
village, he found a nice piece at the poet's house, his carnivorous
proclivities induced him to steal it, and, with it under his arm,
hurried off to the nearest barn, and there rapidly devoured it. This
only seemed to give him an appetite. He went foraging again, but this
time only picked up a mutton-bone. "The nearer the bone, the sweeter the
meat," cried TAFFY, and with a flourish he hastened to his hiding place,
while the poor poet, disconsolate in his first loss, returned home only
to find a second; and the culprit was still free.

Ah! my kind reader, here was a deep cut to our poet. "Who would care for
mother now?" he sang, for all the meat was gone. Home was no longer the
dearest spot on earth to him, since it was rudely desecrated by the
hands of TAFFY--of DAVID, the Welshman.

Poor poet! Cruel TAFFY!

Let me draw the curtain of popular sympathy over the unhappy household.
The poet has told his story in words which will never die; and he has
proclaimed the infamy of TAFFY to the uttermost corners of the earth.

       *       *       *       *       *

Sweeping Reform.

The world moves. There is a chiropodist now travelling in the East who
removes excrescences of the feet simply by sweeping them away with a
corn broom. When last heard of he was at Alexandria, and there is no
corn in Egypt, now.

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR EXPLOSIVES.

What between nitroglycerine, kerosene, and ordinary gas, New York city
has, for years.past, been admirably provided with explosives. Now we
have to add gasoline to the interesting catalogue of inflammables. What
gasoline is, we have not the slightest notion, but, as it knocked
several houses in Maiden Lane into ashes a few days since, it must be
something. Crinoline, dangerous as it is, would have been safer for
Maiden Lane than gasoline, and more appropriate. In the present dearth
of public amusements, these jolly explosives--gasoline, dualine,
nitroglycerine, and the rest of 'em,--come in very well to create a
sensation. They keep the firemen in wind, and, as the firemen keep them
in water, the obligation is reciprocal. Let Gasoline, as well as
Crinoline, have the suffrage, by all means.

       *       *       *       *       *

Aggravating.

The war news is becoming dizzier every day. It is now announced that the
Prussian headquarters are at St. Dizier.

       *       *       *       *       *

Anna-Tom-ical.

"A young man who lost an arm, some two weeks since, insists upon it that
he still feels pain in the arm and fingers."--(Daily Paper.)

This is strange, certainly, but not more so than the statement of our
young man, TOM, who affirms that, having had his arm around ANNA'S waist
some three weeks ago, he still feels the most bewitching sensations in
that arm. Who can explain these things?

       *       *       *       *       *

_Prussicos odi, puer, apparatus_,--as old NAP said to young NAP, when
the Teutonic bullets flew about them at Saarbruck.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: WE DON'T KNOW WHETHER IT IS CORRECT, BUT THIS IS
PUNCHINELLO'S IDEA OF THE CHASSE POT.]

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A FACT FROM LAKE SUPERIOR.

_Shipwrecked Cockney_.--"I SAY, CAPTAIN, ARE THERE ANY BEARS ABOUT HERE?
I'VE COME PREPARED FOR A LITTLE SPORT, YOU KNOW."]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CHARGE OF THE NINTH BRIGADE.

"Col. FISK, Jr., marched his men up to the Continental Bar-room this
evening and gave them a _carte blanche_ order for drinks."--_Special to
morning paper_.

    Half asleep, half asleep,
    Half asleep, onward
    Into the bar-room bright
      Strode the Six Hundred:
    'Forward the Ninth Brigade!
    Charge this to me," he said.
    Into the bar-room, then
    Rushed the Six Hundred.

    Topers to right of them.
    Topers to left of them,
    Old sots in front of them,
      Parleyed and wondered;
    Yet into line they fell,
    Boldly they drank, and well
    Into the jaws of each,
    Into the mouth of all,
    Drinks went, Six Hundred.

    Flashed the big diamond there,
    Flashed as its owner square
    Treated his soldiers there,
    Charging a bar-room, while
      All the "beats" wondered.
    Choked with tobacco smoke,
    Straight for the door they broke,
    Pushing and rushing,
    Reeled from the Bourbon stroke,
      Shattered and sundered;
    Thus they went back--they did--
      On the Six Hundred.

    Whiskey to right of them,
    Cocktails to left of them,
    Popping corks after them,
      Volleyed and thundered,
    Yet, 'twere but truth to tell,--
    Many a hero fell.
    Tho' some did stand it well,
    Those that were left of them,
      Left of Six Hundred.

    Oh! what a bill was paid,
    Oh! what a noise they made,
      All Long Branch wondered;
    Oh! what a noise they made,
    They of the Ninth Brigade,
      Jolly Six Hundred!

       *       *       *       *       *

A Sun-burst.

The _Sun_ regretfully announces that PUNCHINELLO is about to "give up
the ghost." PUNCHINELLO begs to assure the Sun that he doesn't keep a
ghost; though, at the same time, the mistake was a natural one enough to
emanate from Mr. C. A. (D. B.) DANA, who keeps a REAL ghost in his
closet.

       *       *       *       *       *

A. Natural Mistake.

An advertisement from the establishment of Messrs. A. T. STEWART & Co.,
announces, among other things, that they have opened a "MADDER PRINT."

At first sight we supposed that the firm in question had begun
publishing a paper in opposition to the Sun, and that it was to be, if
possible, a madder print than that luminary, for the purpose of cutting
it out. Further reflection convinced us, however, that the "print" in
question was connected with the subject of dry goods, only.

       *       *       *       *       *

Very Small Beer.

Newspaper items state that the editor of the Winterset (Iowa,) _Sun_,
is, probably, the smallest editor in the the world." Surely the editor
of the New York Sun must be the one meant.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Well I'm Blowed!"

As the _omelette soufflee_ said to the cook.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: AT THE SARATOGA CONVENTION.

_Horace Greeley, (to Roscoe Conkling.)_ "DON'T BE RASH, NOW REMEMBER
THAT A SOFT ANSWER TURNETH AWAY WRATH."

_Roscoe Conkling_. "LET US HAVE PEACE, BY ALL MEANS: BUT IF THAT FELLOW
REUBE FENTON INTERFERES WITH ME, HE HAD BETTER LOOK OUT THAT I DON'T
SMASH HIS SLATE."]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN TO NAPOLEON.

Napoleon I and Napoleon III--Lager-Beer a Formidable Enemy to Overcome.

SKEENSBORO, NYE ONTO VARMONT,

_Orgust--, 18-Seventy._

FRIEND LEWIS: As I haint got no anser to my last letter which I rote to
your royal magesty a few weeks ago, it has occurred to me, that maybe
you don't feel well about these days, or, just as like as not our
"Cousin German," FRITZ, mite have been mean enuff as to gobble up your
male bag, and steel my letter to put into his outograf album. I now take
my pen in hand to inform you, that Ime as sound as a Saddle Rock oyster,
and hope these few lines may find you enjoyin' the same blessin.
Numerous changes have taken place since your _grand invasion_ of German
sile.

It has certinly been very kind in your Dutch friends to save you a long
jerney to fite them.

Insted of puttin' you to the trouble of goin' away from home for a
little excitement, you can set rite in the heart of your own country,
and enjoy the fun.

A man by the name of NERO, was once said to do some tall fiddlin' when
Rome was burnin'.

While the patriotic fires of your people is clusterin' around you (?) my
advice is, to cote the words of Unkle EDWARD:

    "Hang up your fiddle and your bow,
    Lay down your shovel and the hoe.
    Where the woodbine twineth
    There's a place for Unkle LEW,
    With UGEENY and little LEWIS for to go."

The foregoin' is rather more sarcastikle than troothful.

It laserates my venerable heart-strings, most noble Pea-cracker, to see
how you've been lickt.

You have probly found out by this time, that the mantle of your grate
unkle has passed into the hands of some other family.

The grate BONYPART was called the Gray Eyed man of Destiny, altho' I
don't know what country that is in, as the village of Destiny haint on
any of the war maps.

I should judge, however, onless there is a change in the program, that
when this "cruel war is over," you will wear the belt as the champion
Black-eyed man of Urope.

Your so-called ascendant Star, is probly the identikle loominary which;
Perfesser DAN BRYANT refers so beautifully to, in his pome of "Shoo-fly."

It shone rather scrumpshus, in the dark, but the rays of the Sun has
nockt its twinkle hire'n GILDEROY'S kite.

Yes, Squire BONYPART, your star is the only planet whose eclips has been
visible to the naked eye, all over the world, and can be seen without
usin' smoked glass.

I think, in the beginnin' of the war, when you left UGEENY for Nancy,
that, like your Unkle, you made a bad go.

When the old man stuck to JOESFEEN he was a success.

Empires--Kingdoms--Pottentates and Hottentots, took the first train and
skedaddled, when the General sot his affeckshuns on their territory.

The BOURBONS fled and come over here and settled in Kentucky, and
commenced makin' whiskey, payin' a tax of $2.00 per gallon, and sellin'
the seductive flooid for $1.50 per gallon, gettin' rich at that, which
may surprise you, altho' it doesen't our Eternal Revenoo Offisers, who,
as Mr. ANTONY remarked of H. BEECHER STOW when she stabbed Lord Byron,
"are all _honorable_ men."

Finally BONYPART went back on JOSEFEEN, which made Mrs. B. scatter a few
buckets of tear drops.

Said your Unkle:

"What's the use of blubberin' about it? Cheer up and be a man. I belong,
body, sole and butes, to France, who says my name must be perpetuated.
You, JOSEFEEN, must pick up your duds and look for another
bordin'-house, for you can't run the Tooleries any longer."

He then sent to Chicago and got a ten dollar devorce, and married MARIAR
LOUISER, arter which he become a played-out institootion, employin' his
time walkin' _in solo_ with his hands behind him, gazin' intently on the
toes of his butes, and wonderin' if they was the same ones which had
histed so many roolers off of their thrones.

In view of the past, you should have stuck to UGEENY, who, I understand,
is good lookin' and sports a pretty nobby harness.

The charms of Nancy may make your Imperial mouth water, but let an old
statesman, who has served his country for 4 years as Gustise of the
Peece, say to you, "Don't be a fool if you know anything."

Another reason of your unsuccess is that Lager is a hard chap to fite
agin. I tried it once.

A Dutch millingtery company visited Skeensboro a few years since, for a
target shoot, bringin' a car lode of lager-beer and a box of sardeens
for refreshments.

I, bein' at that time Gustise, was on hand to help perserve the peece.

Lager, they told me, wasen't intoxicatin. I histed in a few mugs. I
woulden't just say that I got soggy, but I felt like a hul regiment of
Dutch soljers on general trainin' day.

It suddenly occurred to me that Mrs. GREEN had been puttin' on rather
too many airs lately, and I would go in and quietly remind her that I
was boss of the ranch.

Pickin' up a hoss-whip, I "shouldered arms," and entered the kitchen as
bold as the brave FISK of the bully 9th.

"MARIAR," said I, addressin' Mrs. GREEN, and tippin' over her pan of
dish-water so she coulden't wet my close, "yer 'aven't (hic!) tode the
mark as 'er troo (hic!) wife orter. I can't (hic!) 'ave any more of yer
(hic!) darn foolin'. Will yer (hic!) 'bey yer 'usband like a (hic!) man,
in the futer?"

I raised the hoss-whip to give her a good blow. She caught it on a fly
with both hands, as I lade down on the floor to convince my wife I was
in earnest in what I said.

Well, LEWIS, I remember feelin' as if I was put into a large bag with a
lot of saw logs, and was bein' viteally shoot up. I could also
distinguish my wife, flyin' about as if she had taken a contract for
thrashin' a lot of otes, and haden't but a few minnits to do it in, and
somehow I got it into my head that I was the otes.

I went to sleep in a cloud of hosswhips--hair and panterloon buttons
rapt up in a dilapidated soot of close.

When I awoke, I looked as if that Dutch millingtery Company had been
usin' me for a target, substitootin' my nose for the bull's eye.

I imejutly come to the conclusion, that to successfully buck agin
Lager-beer, was full as onhealthy as tryin' to get a seat in H. WARD
BEECHER'S church on Sunday mornin's, afore all the Pew-holders had got
in.

When you want an asilum to flee to, come to Skeensboro.

Altho' you have got the ship of State stuck in the mud, I think I can
get you a canal bote to run, where you can earn your $115.00 a month,
provided your wife will do the cookin' for the crew.

This is better than bein' throde onto the cold, cold charities of the
world, especially where a man has got the gout, for anything cold in apt
to bring on the pain and make him pe-uuk.

Hopin' that in the futer, as you grow older, you may lern wisdom by
cultivatin' my acquaintance--and with kind regards to UGEEN and bub
BONYPART, in your native tung I will say:

_Barn-sure, noblesse Pea-cracker._

Ewer'n, one and onseperable,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

Bunsby's War Paint.

    Napoleon's chances are not great
    If German facts are true;
    But if he finds not Paris Green
    Hell make the Prussian Blue.

       *       *       *       *       *

Remark by a Bandsman.

Once upon a time the French Horn was a famous instrument, but now,
considering the retreating strategy of the French leaders, it appears to
be superseded by the Off I Glide.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Music of the Future.

Considering the enormous difficulties which stand in the way of the
performance of Herr WAGNER'S music, it is the music of the Few Sure
enough.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Relic of the Past.

The following item is taken from a daily paper:

"The septuagenarian Dejazet sang the 'Marseillaise' at the Passy theatre
lately."

There seems to be a mistake, here. Surely the word Passy is meant for
_passee_.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PRECOCIOUS.

LITTLE FEMALE AMERICA, TOO, ASSERTS HER RIGHTS AND ESPECIALLY THE RIGHT
TO THE EXCLUSIVE USE OF THE SIDE-WALK FOR A ROPE-WALK."]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

"Well, you know, Dear Mr. PUNCHINELLOW, this is how CHARLEY DANY and me
cum to hev our fallin' out. We was boys together, was CHARLEY and me,
and went to the same school. CHARLEY were a likely lad there; never
given to spilin' the faces of t'other boys nor splashin' mud on their
clothes. Oh! but hasn't he gone back on them good old times. I wouldn't
hev' believed it, CHARLEY, no I wouldn't.

But, as I was sayin', he were a likely lad; studyin' hard, and often
tellin' me how he would one day come out at the head of the heap,
gradooatin' before the Squire's son, JACK BALDERBACK. Just about this
time I was tuk with the measles, and father died, and SALLIE got
married, and the old woman said to me:

"EPHRAIM, I think your school days is ended." And so they was. I never
went back again, and never saw CHARLEY these thirty-five years gone now,
'till t'other day. I went West in search of a livin', and he tuk onto
business here East. Wons't in a long time I heerd on him; how things
went well with him, and how he got up, up, up, till the ladder wasn't
big enough and he couldn't climb no higher. Folks said he was into the
war; but I didn't believe 'em. CHARLEY was a peace man, I knowed that.
Arterwards, howsumever, it cum out that it was the War Office he was
into, and not the war; and says I to myself, "EPHRAIM," says I, "didn't
I tell you so; and tell them so, and war'nt I right? I calkilate they
won't go back no more on what I says about CHARLEY DANY."

Well, dear Mr. PUNCHINELLOW, I was one day readin' of your paper, and I
comes onto sumthin' about sumbody, which it was as I spell it, "CHARLES
A. DANA," how he was a cuttin' up shines, and how you was a pokin' fun
and hard things at him.

I larfed right out.

"That's smart," says I, "Yes, that's smart; but it ain't onto _my_
CHARLEY. He ain't stuck up nor nothing of that sort. He is as innocent
as gooseberries, is the CHARLEY DANY I know;" and arterwards I thought
no more about it, till I cum on to New York for to look into the cattle
business, and see how things was shapin for trade this winter.

I put up to the St. Nikkleas. Well, I allers larf when I think of it.
Here was an Irishman tuk my bag, slung it behind him, and says he to
me--"Foller me, if you please, sir." I follered accordin'.

I've clumb some pretty tall hills in my day, Mr. PUNCHINELLOW, but that
'ere gettin' up them stairs jest switches the rag off of all on 'em. I
broke down. Then he tuk me to a heister, and landed us next to the roof.
I was too pegged out to wash or fix, so I flung off my cowhides, jumped
onto the bed and slept clean through till next day. In the mornin' I
rigged up, went down stairs, and asked the clerk if he would be kind
enough to pint out to me where I might see CHARLEY DANY. He sort o'
smiled like, and said I would find him at the _Sun_ office. I paid two
dollars for a kab to take me down, which it did till we stopped afore a
big yaller house, with a big board stuck up agin it havin' these words:

    +--------------------------------------------+
    |                                            |
    |               "EXTRA SUN!!!                |
    |                                            |
    |         ELOPEMENT AT MURRAY HILL.          |
    |        FULL HISTORY OF THE PARTIES.        |
    |   INTERESTING CHAPTER OF FAMILY SECRETS.   |
    |     WHO IS SHE AND WHY DID SHE DO IT?      |
    |     GENERAL GRANT BUYS A SKYE TERRIER!     |
    |         PARTICULARS OF THE SALE!!          |
    |          GENEALOGY OF THE DOG!!!           |
    |  SECRETARY FISH BOBBING FOR SPANISH EELS,  |
    |         HE IS CAUGHT BY THE GILLS.         |
    | THE MINION OF SPANISH TYRANNY IN DISTRESS. |
    |     KITCHEN COUNCILS IN FIFTH AVENUE.      |
    |       NOTES BY OUR KEYHOLE REPORTER.       |
    |   BABY FOUND IN THE PRIVATE OFFICE OF A    |
    |              LEADING EDITOR.               |
    |   WHOSE IS IT AND HOW DID IT COME THERE?   |
    |   INTERESTING DISCLOSURES OF A PROMINENT   |
    |             MERCHANT'S LIFE!!!             |
    |   FOR FULL DETAILS SEE EXTRA SUN, PRICE    |
    |                TWO CENTS!"                 |
    |                                            |
    +--------------------------------------------+

"Wonder if CHARLEY writ all that 'ere," says I, inwardly, inquirin' of a
boy where Mr. DANY'S particular holdin' out place might be, and givin'
him three cents to show me the way. Drawin' a quick breath, I knocked at
the door. "Come in," says a peskish voice. I cum in, and there, sure
enough, with nose close down to the desk, a writin' away for dear life,
sat CHARLEY. I knowed him to onc't, for all he was a little oldish, and
a little grayish, and had a bare spot like a turtle's back on the top of
his head. My heart cum' a bustin' up into my throat, and an inward voice
seemed to say:

"Do it now EPHRAIM, do it now, while the feeling is onto you." Jest then
he looked up, and I bust forth: "Oh, CHARLEY! CHARLEY! its a long time
sin' we met, CHARLEY. Don't you know me? Don't you remember little EPH
ECKELS? Oh! CHARLEY, CHARLEY, give us a grip of your knob, old
hunk"--and I slewed over towards him for to shake hands when he suddenly
drawed back, kinder gloomy like, putting down his pen and chewing his
gums sort of swagewise. as he said:

"My name, sir, is the Hon. CHARLES AUGUSTUS DANA, Ex-Assistant Secretary
of War, Ex-Proprietor of the ablest paper in the West, and at present
Chief Editor of the New York _Sun_, price two cents. There is no
individual here, sir, answering to the appellation of "Old Hunk," and,
as I perceive, sir, that there is a most infernal smell of cow yards
about your raiment, and the effluvia arising thence is becoming
insupportable, I would thank you to get out of this apartment double
quick, and I suggest for the sake of others who may be unfortunately
brought into contact with you, that my friend the Hon. WILLIAM MANHATTAN
TWEED has recently established public baths where such creatures as you
may undergo purification before venturing into the presence of
gentlemen."

It was CHARLEY who spoke it; Mr. PUNCHINELLOW, there is no doubt about
that; but the CHARLEY that I knew has been dead sin' that day. Yours in
memory-moram,

EPHRAIM ECKELS.

       *       *       *       *       *

Horrors of War.

Much has been said about the Prussian "demonstrations" at Strasbourg. If
half what we hear of Prussian vandalism as displayed at the siege of
Strasbourg is true, "Demonstration" is a very appropriate term for the
thing.

       *       *       *       *       *

OLIVE LOGAN.

We have no authentic record of the date of this fair syren's birth. It
is popularly supposed, however, that she was contemporaneous with
POCAHONTAS. POKY (as she was playfully called by her playmates at
boarding-school) is now dead. LOGY (another playful appellation of the
gushing miss alluded to) is still Olive.

We do not, however, credit the legend above cited. Also, we do not
credit the equally absurd and unreasonable story that our girlish gusher
is a daughter of a negro preacher named LOGUEN. We look upon this as a
colorless aspersion of our subject's fair fame, and we therefore feel
called upon to politely but furiously hurl it back in the teeth of its
degraded and offensive inventor. Things are come indeed to a pretty pass
when a lady of Miss LOGAN'S position may have her good name blackened
(not to say sooted) by associating it with that of a preacher. Besides,
LOGUEN was himself born in 1800, and is therefore only seventy years
old. These things are not to be borne.

Miss LOGAN is seventeen years of age. This, at least, is reliable. We
have our information from the lips of an aunt of the Honorable HORATIUS
GREELEY, who met Miss LOGAN in Chicago in 1812, and wrung the confession
from the gifted lady herself. Mr. GREELEY'S aunt, we need not say, is
incapable of telling a lie.

At the early age of six weeks our illustrious victim made her first
appearance as a public speaker. This was at Faneuil Hall, Boston. She
was supported on that memorable occasion by a young and fascinating lady
by the name of ANTHONY (SUSAN.) SUSIE prophesied then, it will be
remembered, that the fair oratress would yet live to be President of the
United States and Canadas. Miss LOGAN, with her customary modesty,
declined to view the mysterious future in that puerile light, gracefully
suggesting, amid a brilliant outburst of puns, metaphors and amusing
anecdotes, that SUSIE distorted the facts. Miss ANTHONY, under a
mistaken impression that this referred to her peculiar mode of keeping
accounts, offered, with a wild shriek of despair and disgust, to exhibit
her books to an unprejudiced committee of her own sex, with WENDELL
PHILLIPS as chairwoman. (There is manifest inaccuracy in this account,
though, inasmuch as Mr. PHILLIPS was not yet born, at that time; but we
of course give the story as it is related to us by eye-witnesses.) Mr.
JOHN RUSSELL YOUNG, who was in the audience, rose and said that Miss
ANTHONY'S explanation was entirely sufficient, and that she might now
take her seat. The lecturer then proceeded to discuss her subject,
"Girls." She said--

However, this is not a newspaper report, is it?

Soon after this, Louis PHILLIPPE invited Miss LOGAN to visit Paris. He
represented that he should consider it an honor at any time to welcome
the beautiful demoiselle to the palace of the Tuileries. He remarked in
a postscript that his dinner hour was twelve o'clock, noon, sharp, and
that his hired man had instructions to pass Miss LOGAN at any time.
Accordingly, our syren departed hungrily for the capital of the French.
Her career in Paris is well known to every mere ordinary schoolboy:
therefore, wherefore dwell? Madame DE STAEL'S dressmaker called on her.
A committee of strong-minded milliners solicited the honor of her
acquaintance. GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN proposed an alliance with her for the
purpose of hurling imperial jackassery from its tottering throne. Other
honors were conferred on her.

Returning to her native motherland in 1812, she once more resumed her
career as a public speakeristess. How wonderful that career has been,
does not the world know? If not, why not? She has lectured in
14,364,812,719 towns between San Francisco on the one hand and
California on the other. Upwards of fourteen million Young Men's
Christian Associations have crowded to hear her thrilling eloquence, and
lecture committees all over the land have grown fat and saucy on the
enormous profits yielded by her engagements. Country editors, who,
before speculating in tickets of admission, were without shoes to their
feet, have been suddenly converted into haughty despots and bloated
aristocrats by their prodigious gains. And Miss LOGAN herself is said to
be worth $250.

       *       *       *       *       *

COMIC ZOOLOGY.

Genna, Corvus.--The Common Crow.

This Ravenous bird abounds in all temperate regions, and is a fowl of
sober aspect, although a Rogue in Grain. Crows, like time-serving
politicians, are often on the Fence, and their proficiency in the art of
Caw-cussing entitles them to rank with the Radical Spoilsmen denounced
by the sardonic DAWES. In time of war they haunt the battle-field with
the pertinacity of newspaper specials, and have a much more certain
method of making themselves acquainted with the Organization of military
Bodies than the gentlemen of the press who Pick the Brains of fugitives
from the field for their information. In time of peace the Crow leads a
comparatively quiet life, and it is no novel thing to see him walking in
the fields devouring with great apparent interest the Yellow-Covered
Cereals. Agriculturists have strong prejudices against the species, and
allege, not without reason, that large Crow Crops indicate diminished
harvests. The most persistent enemy of the Crow, however, is the martin,
which attacks it on the wing with unfaltering Pluck, and compels it to
show the White Feather.

This variety of the genus _corvus_ was well known to the ancients. Those
solemn Bores, the Latin augurs, were in the habit of foretelling the
triumph or downfall of the Roman Eagles by the flight of Crows, and St.
PETER was once convicted of three breaches of veracity by a Crow. The
bird has also been the theme of song--the carnivorous exploits of three
of the species having been repeatedly chanted by popular Minstrels.

A Greek author has described the Crow as a cheese-eater--but that's a
fable. Though fond of a Rare Bit of meat, it does not care a Mite for
Cheese. Nothing in the shape of flesh comes amiss to this rapacious
creature; yet, much as it enjoys the flavor of the human subject, it
relishes the _cheval mort_. During the late war, our government, with
exemplary liberality, purchased thousands of horses to feed the Southern
Crows. The consequence was that our Cavalry Charges were tremendous.

The appearance of the Crow is grave and clerical, but it is nevertheless
an Offal bird when engaged on a Tear. It generally goes in flocks, and
the prints of its feet may be seen not only on the face of the Country,
but in many instances on the faces of the inhabitants. Naturalists do
not class it with the edible fowls. There may be men who _can_ eat crow,
but nobody hankers after it. The story of the man who "swallowed three
black crows" lacks confirmation. Looking at the whole tribe from a
Ration-al point of view, however, we have no hesitation in pronouncing
them excellent food--for powder. In this category may be included the
copper-colored Crows on our Western frontier.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CHURCH MILITANT.

That Brooklyn is a City of Churches has long been known to people of
average intelligence. The following item, however, taken from a daily
paper, is very suggestive of the old saying, "The nearer the church,"
etc.

"JOHN BEATY bit off WM. HARPER'S face in April last, at a church fight
in Brooklyn, and then went to sea. Last night he came back, and was
arrested by officer Fox, who will take him before Justice WALSH to-day.
HARPER is disfigured for life."

The matter-of-fact way in which the expression, "a church fight" is used
by the writer of the above item, seems to indicate that tabernacular
conflicts are rather the rule than the exception in "deeply religious"
Brooklyn. We were not prepared to expect, though, that theological
controversy ever ran further in Brooklyn than to the extent of "putting
a head on" one's antagonist, though now it appears that biting his face
off is more the thing. The statement that "HARPER is disfigured for
life," goes for nothing with us, as that depends altogether on what sort
of looking man he was previous to the removal of his features by means
of a dental apparatus.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE "STERN PARENT.

_Daughter_ "WELL, TO TELL THE TRUTH, I DID NOT THINK MUCH OF THE CLOSE
OF THE SERMON."

_Father_. "PROBABLY YOU WERE THINKING MORE OF THE CLOTHES OF THE
CONGREGATION."]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE WAR.

It is with feeling of intense satisfaction and self complacency, that
Mr. PUNCHINELLO submits to his readers the following despatches relative
to the Great Railroad War, which have been collected at a fabulous cost,
by a large corps of reporters and correspondents specially detailed for
the purpose.

WAR DECLARED!

ERIE PALACE.--It is rumored that the "unpleasantness" which has for some
time past existed between the rival powers of the Erie and the Central,
will shortly culminate in open hostilities. Col. FISK, assisted by
twelve secretaries, is said to be actively engaged in drawing up a
formal Declaration. Great enthusiasm prevails here. The Erie Galop and
FISK Guard March (price 50 cents, including full length portrait of
Capt. SPENCER,) are played nightly in the Opera House, and are
vociferously re-demanded. Every member of the Ninth has been notified to
hold himself in readiness to turn out at fifteen minutes' notice.

LATER.

"Erie accepts the war which VANDERBILT proffers her." The "Blonde
Usher," accompanied by an extensive retinue of brother ushers, will bear
the gauge of battle to the Tyrant of the Central. He will cast It boldly
at VANDERBILT'S feet. It is announced that he will proceed to his
destination by way of the Eighth Avenue Car Line. The reply of the
Hudson River potentate is looked forward to with great interest.

"CENTRAL" REPORTS.

VANDERBILT received the Declaration of War with seeming calm. On the
departure of the Erie Emissary, however, his fortitude forsook him; he
threw himself on the neck of a baggage porter and wept aloud. At a late
hour this evening a trusted agent left here for the _Tribune_ office. He
is said to have held a long conference with Mr. GREELEY, the particulars
of which have not transpired. It is supposed by many to portend an
alliance, offensive and defensive, between the King of Central and the
Philosopher of Printing-House Square.

FROM ERIE.

Activity is the order of the day here. Col. FISK'S $20,000 team went to
the front this morning. They are to be broken into the turmoil of war by
being led gently to and fro, before a Supreme Court injunction. A
Central spy, who was captured during the day, was immediately tried by
court-martial, and sentenced to be suspended from the flag-staff on top
of the building. He was executed at noon, a copy of the _Tribune_ being
tied to his feet, to add force to his fall and curtail his sufferings.
From legal documents found in his possession, the wretched being is
supposed to have been a minion of the law. The Narragansett and Long
Branch boats are being rapidly got ready for active service. Their
armament will consist of Parrott guns of large calibre. FISK says that
VANDERBILT will hear those Parrotts talk.

DESPATCHES FROM THE CENTRAL.

VANDERBILT is preparing for a grand flank movement upon the Erie forces.
He will transport passengers at one cent per head, insure their lives
for the trip, feed them on the way, and present them, on parting, with a
copy of H.G.'s paper. He has been reinforced by the _Tribune_, which
will continue to harass the enemy by attacks in the rear.

ADVICES FROM ERIE.

VICTORY!--By a well executed movement the Narragansett fleet under
command of Admiral Fisk, have succeeded in cutting off the _Tribune's_
connection with Long Branch. A panic prevails in the _Tribune_ office.
HORACE GREELEY threatens, in retaliation, to lecture on farming along
the route of the Erie Railway, to the ruin of the agricultural interest
of the district. A meeting of prominent farmers has been convened to
protest against this outrage, and a strong body of Erie troops have been
sent to prevent H.G.'s advance. It is proposed, in case of attack, to
illuminate the Erie Palace by means of Colonel FISK'S big diamond,
which, it is estimated, would prove more powerful than a dozen calcium
lights. If this should not be dazzling enough, it is suggested that a
glimpse of the Colonel's $5,000 uniform might have the desired effect.
Amongst the novel instruments of warfare which the contest has given
birth to, is a new ball projected by the Prince of Erie. It will be
given at Long Branch, and will, no doubt, be very effective.

LATEST FROM LONG BRANCH.

As the Plymouth Rock was nearing the pier here this morning, an elderly
man, whose profane language had attracted the attention of the officers
of the vessel, was arrested by order of COL FISK. It proved to be the
sage of Chappaqua. He was attired in a clean shirt collar, by means of
which he no doubt hoped to avoid recognition. In his travelling bag was
found a tooth-brush and several copies of the _Tribune_. Upon being
tried and convicted of carrying contraband of war, he was sentenced to
give forthwith his reasons why J. C. BANCROFT DAVIS should not be
dismissed from his present office of Assistant Secretary of State.

FROM SARATOGA.

The news of Mr. GREELEY'S capture has affected the Commodore to such an
extent as to stretch him on a bed of sickness. JAY GOULD is reported
marching on Saratoga with a strong force.

LATEST--PEACE!

Central has capitulated! Erie is victorious! To-day a treaty is drawn up
by which everybody is made happy except Mr. GREELEY, who, it is
stipulated, must feign total ignorance of farming whenever he journeys
by the Erie Railway.

       *       *       *       *       *

The place to look for them.

_The Sun_, a few days ago, had an editorial article about a reported
theft of a box containing four large boa-constrictors. Might not a
search in the editorial boots disclose the whereabouts of the missing
reptiles?

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |        For the accommodation of Strangers have opened        |
  |              A large and elegant assortment of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DRESS GOODS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   PLAIN AND PLAID POPLINS,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Empress Cloths,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       SATINS DE CHINE,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                     NEW STYLE CLOAKINGS.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                Paris and Domestic Made Suits                 |
  |                       Extremely cheap.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Children's elegantly embroidered               |
  |               CLOAKS, DRESSES, INFANTS' ROBES.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Paris Novelties in                      |
  |                LADIES' BASQUES, SACQUES, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                    A large assortment of                     |
  |                     Housekeeping Goods,                      |
  |                CARPETS AND CURTAIN MATERIALS,                |
  |                     EMBROIDERED LACE AND                     |
  |                       MUSLIN CURTAINS,                       |
  |                LADIES' UNDERWEAR AND GENERAL                 |
  |                         OUTFITTING.                          |
  |                           HOSIERY.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              Alexandra's Celebrated Kid Gloves.              |
  |                                                              |
  |                Splendid quality and New Style                |
  |   Sash Ribbons, Sashes, Neckties, Millinery, and Trimming    |
  |                         Ribbons, &c.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |      The above have been received per recent steamers,       |
  |                     and will be offered                      |
  |               At extremely attractive prices.                |
  |     Strangers visiting our city are respectfully invited     |
  |                         to examine.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |   Are offering, at about one-half the cost of manufacture,   |
  |                        a large lot of                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Children's and Misses'                    |
  |             Plain, Chine and Plaid Poplin Suits,             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Handsomely Trimmed,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |      Suitable for the present Season, $3 each, upwards.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           Sizes to suit the ages of 3 to 12 years.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Also, the balance of their                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                Linen, Lawn, and Barege Suits.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  At exceedingly low prices.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The above specially deserves the attention of those      |
  |                      visiting out city.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              have opened a large assortment of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                    PLAIN AND FANCY SILKS,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Suitable for Autumn,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                   From $1 per yard upward.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Also, a case of                        |
  |                 Very Rich Satin Brocatelles,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |               The choicest goods manufactured.               |
  |                                                              |
  |         BONNET'S, PONSON'S AND A. T. STEWART & Co.'s         |
  |                                                              |
  |                      PLAIN BLACK SILKS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                The handsomest goods imported.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 TRIMMINGS, SILKS AND SATINS.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      In great variety,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Cut to suit customers.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. ll x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13 x 18.                                      |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: DIVORCES READY MADE.

_Lawyer_--"A DIVORCE, MADAM?--CERTAINLY, BY ALL MEANS. BOY, GIVE THE
LADY A DIVORCE."]


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS. Wholesale and Retail.               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 FINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES.--All at the same premises, and under       |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                           prepared                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         COMBINATION EXCURSION or Round Trip Tickets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |      Valid during the the entire season, and embracing       |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |    Nos. 241, 529, and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 33     |
  | Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338  |
  |  Fulton St., Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St., New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long  |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |                       "Chas. Dickens."                       |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are included.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ...................... $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies ........................................ .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |     or paper, price, $2.50, for................... $5.50     |
  |                                                              |
  |   One copy, with any magazine of paper, price $4, for ...    |
  |                            $7.00                             |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P. O. Box, 2783, NEW YORK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       OEPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Single Copies, for Sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from this |
  |   office, free,) Ten Cents. Subscription for One Year, one   |
  |              copy, with $2 Chromo Premium, $4.               |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one |
  |    who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the    |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |           P. O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau St., New York            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

GEO. W. WHEAT & CO, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.









End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 25, September
17, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 25 ***

***** This file should be named 10033.txt or 10033.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/3/10033/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 26, September 24,
1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 26, September 24, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10034]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 26 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team






  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                        CARBOLIC SALVE                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Recommended by Physicians.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |     The best Salve in use for all disorders of the Skin,     |
  |                 for Cuts, Burns, Wounds, &c.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      USED IN HOSPITALS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       PRICE 25 CENTS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |               JOHN F. HENRY, Sole Proprietor,                |
  |                No. 8 College Place, New York.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer duality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |   is called to the following grades as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol 1.  No. 26.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.

       *       *       *       *       *

See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

       *       *       *       *       *

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |     The first volume of PUNCHINELLO, ending with No. 26,     |
  |                     September 24, 1870,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound in Fine Cloth,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |         will be ready for delivery on Oct. 1, 1870.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Sent postpaid to any part of the United States on receipt of |
  |                            price.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of the paper for one year, from October 1st, No. 27,  |
  |  and the Bound Volume (the latter prepaid,) will be sent to  |
  |                  any subscriber for $5.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Three copies for one year, and three Bound Volumes, with an  |
  |  extra copy of Bound Volume, to any person sending us three  |
  |                  subscriptions for $16.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            One copy of paper for one year, with a            |
  |             fine chromo premium, for------ $4.00             |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Back numbers can always be supplied, as the paper is     |
  |                        electrotyped.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Book canvassers will find this volume a            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Orders supplied at a very liberal discount.          |
  |                                                              |
  |              All remittances should be made in               |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Post Office orders.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Canvassers wanted for the paper,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                         everywhere.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     83 NASSAU ST., N. Y.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      P.O. Box No, 2783.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                The Weekly Numbers for August,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 Broadway                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M,             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH _President_                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         NEWS DEALERS                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                              ON                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          RAILROADS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEAMBOATS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                            And at                            |
  |                       WATERING PLACES,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |               Will find the Monthly Numbers of               |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    For April, May, June, July, and August, an attractive     |
  |                      and Saleable Work                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Copies Price 50 cts.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        For trade price address American News Co., or         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       83 Nassau Street                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application       |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845]                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                      20-22 Gold Street,                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    The Best and Cheapest                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                         256 Broadway                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    $2 to ALBANY and TROY                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     The Day Line Steamboats, C. Vibbard and Daniel Drew,     |
  |  commencing May 31. will leave Vestry st. Pier at 8.45, and  |
  | Thirty-fourth st. at 9 a.m., landing at Yonkers, (Nyack, and |
  |   Tarrytown by ferry-boat), Cozzens, West Point, Cornwall,   |
  | Newburgh, Poughkeepsie, Rhinebeck, Bristol, Catskill, Hudson |
  |  and New-Baltimore. A special train of broad-gauge cars in   |
  |    connection with the day boats will leave on arrival at    |
  |  Albany (commencing June 20) for Sharon Springs. Fare $4.25  |
  |  from New York and for Cherry Valley. The Steamboat Seneca   |
  |        will transfer passengers from Albany to Troy.         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     Parties desiring Catalogues of any of Our Publishing     |
  |     Houses, can have the same forwarded by inclosing two     |
  |                            stamps                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      [P. O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORFHEUS C. KERR

CHAPTER XIX.

THE H. AND H. OF J. BUMSTEAD.

The exquisitely sweet month of the perfectly delicious summer-vacation
having come, Miss CAROWTHERS' Young Ladies have returned again, for a
time, to their respective homes, MAGNOLIA PENDRAGON has gone to the city
and her brother, and FLORA POTTS is ridiculously and absurdly alone.

Under the ardent sun of August, Bumsteadville slowly bakes, like an
ogre's family-dish of stuffed cottages and greens, with here and there
some slowly moving object, like a loose vegetable on a sluggish current
of tidal gravy, and the spire of the Ritualistic church shooting-up at
one end like an incorrigibly perpendicular leg of magnified mutton.

Hotter and hotter comes the breath fiery of nature's cookery, until some
of the stuffing boils out of one cottage, in the shape of the Oldest
Inhabitant, who makes his usual annual remark, that this is the Warmest
Day in ninety-eight years, and then simmers away to some cooler nook
amongst the greens. More and more intolerably quivers the atmosphere of
the sylvan oven with stifling fervency, until there oozes from beneath
the shingled crust of a vegetarian country-boarding-house a parboiled
guest from the City, who, believing himself almost ready to turn, drifts
feebly to where the roads fork and there is a shade more dun; while, to
the speculative mind, each glowing field of corn, or buckwheat, is an
incipient Meal, and each chimney, or barn, a mere temptation to guess
how many Swallows there may be in it.

Upon the afternoon of such a day as this, Miss POTTS is informed, by a
servant, that Mr. BUMSTEAD has arrived, and, sending her his love, would
be pleased to have her come down stairs to him and bring him a fan.

"Why didn't you tell him I wasn't at home, you absurd thing?" cries the
young girl, hurriedly practicing a series of agitated looks and pensive
smiles before her mirror.

"So I did, Miss," answers the attached menial, "but he'd seen you
looking at him with an opera-glass as he came up the path, and said that
he could hear you taking a clean handkerchief out of tho drawer, on
purpose to receive him with, before he'd got to the door."

"Oh, what shall I do? My hands are so red to-day!" sighs FLCKA, holding
her arms above her head, that the blood may retire from the too pinkish
members.

After a pause, and an adjustment of a curl over her right eye and the
scarf at her waist, to make them look innocent, she yields to the
meteorological mania so strikingly prevalent amongst all the other
characters of this narrative, and says that she will receive the visitor
in the yard, near the pump. Then, casting carelessly over her shoulder
that web-like shawl without which no woman nor spider is complete, she
arranges her lips in the glass for the last time, and, with a garden-hat
hanging from the elbow latest singed, goes down, humming
un-suspiciously, into the open-air, with the guileless bearing of one
wholly unprepared for company.

Resting an elbow upon a low iron patent-pump, near a rustic seat, the
Ritualistic organist, in his vast linen coat and imposing straw hat,
looks not unlike an eccentric garden statue, upon which some prudish
slave of modern conventionalities has placed the summer attire of a
western editor. The great heat of the sun upon his back makes him
irritable, and when Miss POTTS sharply smites with her fan the knuckles
of the hand which he has affably extended to take her by the chin, more
than the usual symptoms of acute inflammation appear at the end of his
nose, and he blows hurriedly upon his wounded digits.

"That hurt like the mischief!" he remarks, in some anger. "I don't know
when I've felt anything smart so."

"Then don't be so horrid," returns the pensive girl, taking a seat
before him upon the rustic settee, and abstractedly arranging her dress
so that only two-thirds of a gaiter-boot can be seen.

Munching cloves, the aroma of which ladens the air all around him, Mr.
BUMSTEAD contemplates her with a calmness which would be enthralling,
but for the nervous twisting of his features under the torments of a
singularly adhesive fly.

"I have come, dear," he observes, slowly, "to know how soon you will be
ready for me to give you your next music-lesson?"

"I prefer that you would not call me your 'dear,'" was the chilling
answer.

The organist thinks for a moment, and then nods his head intelligently.
"You are right," he says, gravely, "--there _might_ be somebody
listening who could not enter into our real feelings. And now, how about
those music-lessons?"

"I don't want any more, thank you," says FLORA, coldly. "While we are
all in mourning for our poor, dear absurd EDDY, it seems like a
perfectly ridiculous mockery to be practicing the scales."

Fanning himself with his straw hat, Mr. BUMSTEAD shakes his bushy head
several times. "You do not discriminate sufficiently," he replies.
"There are kinds of music which, when performed rapidly upon the violin,
fife, or kettle-drum, certainly fill the mind with sentiments
unfavorable to the deeper anguish of human sorrow. Of such, however, is
not the kind made by young girls, which is at all times a help to the
intensity of judicious grief. Let me assure you, with the candor of an
idolized friend, that some of the saddest hours of my life have been
spent in teaching you to try to sing a humorous aria from DONIZETTI; and
the moments in which I have most sincerely regretted ever having been
born were those in which you have played, in my hearing, the
Drinking-song from _La Traviata_. Believe me, then, my devoted pupil,
there can be nothing at all inconsistent with a prevalence of profound
melancholy in your continued piano-playing; whereas, on the contrary,
your sudden and permanent cessation might at least surprise your friends
and the neighborhood into a light-heartedness temporarily oblivious of
the memory of that dear, missing boy, to whom you could not, I hear,
give the love already bestowed upon me."

"I loved him ridiculously, absurdly, with my whole heart," cries FLORA,
not altogether liking what she has heard. "I'm real sorry, too, that
they think somebody has killed him."

Mr, BUMSTEAD folds his brown linen arms as he towers before her, and the
dark circles around his eyes appear to shrink with the intensify of his
gaze.

"There are occasions in life," he remarks, "when to acknowledge that our
last meeting with a friend, who has since mysteriously disappeared, was
to reject him and imply a preference for his uncle, may be calculated to
associate us unpleasantly with that disappearance, in the minds of the
censorious, and invite suspicions tending to our early cross-examination
by our Irish local magistrate. I do not say, of course, that you
actually destroyed my nephew for fear he should try to prejudice me
against you; but I cannot withhold my earnest approval of your judicious
pretence of a sentiment palpably incompatible with the shedding of the
blood of its departed object. If you will move your dress a little, so
that I can sit beside you and allow your head to rest upon my shoulder,
that fan will do for both of us, and we may converse in whispers."

"My head upon _your_ shoulder!" exclaims Miss POTTS, staring swiftly
about to see if anybody is looking. "I prefer to keep my head upon my
own shoulders, sir."

"Two heads are better than one," the Ritualistic organist reminds her.
"If a little hair-oil and powder _does_ come off upon my coat, the
latter will wash, I suppose. Come, dearest, if it is our fate to never
get through this hot day alive, let us be sunstruck together."

She shrinks timidly from the brown linen arm which he begins insinuating
along the back of the rustic settee, and tells him that she couldn't
have believed that he could be so absurd. He draws back his arm, and
seems hurt.

"FLORA," he says, tenderly, "how beautiful you are, especially when
fixed up. The more I see of yon, the less sorry I am that I have
concluded to be yours. All the time that my dear boy was trying to
induce you to relase him from his engagement, I was thinking how much
better you might do; yet, beyond an occasional encouraging wink, I never
gave the least sign of reciprocating your attachment. I did not think it
would be right"

The assertion, though superficially true, is so imperfect in its
delineation of habitual conduct liable to another construction, that the
agitated Flowerpot returns, with quick indignation, "your arm was always
reaching out whenever you sat in a chair anywhere near me, and whenever
I sang you always kept looking straight into my mouth until it tickled
me. You know you did, you hateful thing! Besides, it wasn't you that I
preferred, at all; it was--oh, it's too ridiculous to tell!"

In her bashful confusion she is about to arise and trip shyly away from
him into the house, when he speaks again.

"Miss POTTS, is your friendship for Miss PENDRAGON and her brother such,
that their execution upon some Friday of next month would be a spectacle
to which you could give no pleased attention?"

"What do you mean, you absurd creature?"

"I mean," continues Mr. BUMSTEAD, "simply this: you know my double loss.
You know that, upon the person of the male PENDRAGON was found an apple
looking and tasting like one which my nephew once had. You know, that
when Miss PENDRAGON went from here she wore an alpaca waist which looked
as though it had been exposed more than once to the rain.--See the
point?"

FLORA gives a startled look, and says: "I don't see it."

"Suppose," he goes on--"suppose that I go to a magistrate, and say:
'Judge, I voted for you, and can influence a large foreign vote for you
again. I have lost a nephew who was very fond of apples, and a black
alpaca umbrella of great value. A young Southerner, who has not lived in
this State long enough to vote, has been found in possession of an apple
singularly like the kind generally eaten by my missing relative, and his
sister has come out in a waist made of second-hand alpaca?'--See the
point now?"

"Mr. BUMSTEAD," exclaims FLORA, affrighted by the terrible menace of his
manner, "I don't any more believe that Mr. PENDRAGON is guilty than I,
myself, am; and as for your old umbrella--"

"Stop, woman!" interrupted the bereaved organist, imperiously. "Not even
your lips shall speak disrespectfully of my lost bone-handled friend. By
a chain of unanswerable argument, I have shown you that I hold the fate
of your southern acquaintances in my hands, and shall be particularly
sorry if you force me to hang Mr. PENDRAGON as a rival."

FLORA puts her hands to her temples, to soothe her throbbing head and
display a bracelet.

"Oh, what shall I do! I don't want anybody to be hung! It must be so
perfectly awful!"

Her touching display of generous feeling does not soften him. On the
contrary, he stands more erect, and smiles rather triumphantly under his
straw hat.

"Beloved one," he murmurs, in a rich voice, "I find that I cannot induce
you to make the first advance toward the mutual avowal we are both
longing for, and must therefore precipitate our happiness myself. My
poor boy would not have given you perfect satisfaction, and your
momentary liking for the male PENDRAGON was but the effect of a
temporary despair undoubtedly produced by my seeming coldness. That
coldness had nothing to do with my heart, but resulted partially from my
habit of wearing a wet towel on my head. I now propose to you--"

"Propose to me?" ejaculates Miss POTTS, with heightened color.

"--That you pick out a worthy man belonging to your own section of the
Union," he continues hastily. "Here's my Heart," he adds, going through
the motions of taking something from a pocket and placing it in his
outstretched palm, "and here's my Hand,"--placing therein an equally
imaginary object from another pocket.--"Try the H. and H. of J.
BUMSTEAD."

His manner is as though he were commending some patent article of
unquestionable utility.

"But I can't bear the sight of you!" she cries, pushing away the brown
linen arm coming after her again.

Taking away her fan, he pats her on the head with it, and seems
momentarily surprised at the hollow sound.

"Future Mrs. BUMSTEAD," he cheerfully replies, at last, "my observation
and knowledge of the women of America teach me that there never was a
wife going to Indiana for a divorce, who had not at first sworn to love,
as well as honor and obey, her husband. Such is woman that if she had
felt and said at the altar that she couldn't bear the sight of him, it
wouldn't have been in the power of masculine brutality and dissipated
habits to drive her from his side through all their lives. There can be
no better sign of our future happiness, than for you to say, beforehand,
that you utterly detest the man of your choice."

There is something terrible to the young girl in the original turn of
thought of this fascinating man. Say what she may, he at once turns it
into virtual devotion to himself. He appears to have a perfectly
dreadful power to hang everybody; he considers her strongest avowal of
present personal dislike the most promising indication she can give of
eternal future infatuation with him, and his powerful mode of reasoning
is more profound and composing than an article in a New York newspaper
on a War in Europe. Rendered dizzy by his metaphysical conversation, she
arises from the rustic seat, and is flying giddily into the house, when
he leaps athletically after her, and catches her in the doorway.

"I merely wish to request," he says, quietly, "that you place sufficient
restraint upon your naturally happy feelings to keep our engagement a
secret from the public at present, as I can't bear to have boys calling
out after me, 'There's the feller that's goin' to get married! There's
the feller that's goin' to get married!' When a man is about to make a
fool of himself, it is not for children to remind him of it."

The door being opened before she can answer, FLORA receives a parting
bow of Grandisonian elegance from Mr. BUMSTEAD, and hastens up stairs to
her room in a distraction of mind not uncommon to those having
conversational relations with the Ritualistic organist.

_(To be Continued.)_

       *       *       *       *       *

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Clerk's Office of the District
Court of the United States, for the Southern District of New York.

       *       *       *       *       *

A GOOD FIGHT.

We presume that all the Boston people "lecture" at times; at any rate
they could, if they wanted to. No one doubts their ability.

But, let the number of these imparters of information be ever so great,
we have reason to doubt whether any other of these accomplished parties
has grappled with so formidable, so tremendous a subject, as that which
is now exciting the powerful mind of Miss LILLIAN EDGARTON.

She is going to do it, though! If her life is spared, and her
constitution remains free from blight, (both of which felicities we
trust will be hers,) that subject has got to come under.

That all may know how great is the task, and the confidence required to
pitch into it, we announce, with a flourish, that Miss L. E. is about to
attack that well-known Saurian Monster, termed GOSSIP! Considered as a
Disease, she proposes to find the Cause and the Cure. Considered as a
living and gigantic Nuisance (by far surpassing any Dragon described by
SPENSER,) she designs to hunt him out and slay him incontinently.

Courage, fair Knight! Our eldest Son is kept in reserve for some such
Heroine! If you would be famous, if you would make a perfect thing of
this Crusade, if you would render the lives of your fellow mortals
longer and happier, if you would win that noble and ingenuous youth, our
son, go in vehemently!

And, while you are about it, LILLIAN, would you object to giving your
attention to certain relations of the monster which you propose to slay?
We name them, Detraction and Calumny. They are tough old Dragons, now,
we tell you; perhaps it were best to fight shy of them.

We have it, LILLIAN! Leave 'em to us! Us, with a big U! You kill little
Gossip, and see how quick his brothers and sisters will fall, before our
mighty battle-axe!

(And so they will fall, sure enough, but it will be simply because when
our dear young knight, L.E., has killed _her_ Dragon, she will have
wiped out the whole brood! They can't live without their sweet and
attractive little sister. And so, like many a bigger humbug, we shall
take great credit, that belongs to somebody else, and assume to have
done big things, at enormous expense of blood and money. Trust us, for
that!)

       *       *       *       *       *

NAPOLEON III AT SEDAN.

September, 1870.

     I _was_ an Emperor. _Voila c'est bon!_
       BAZAINE, MACMAHON, fought--'twas my affair.
     Only, to please my doctor, NELATON,
       I left the throne, to take a Sedan chair.

       *       *       *       *       *

Unlimited Lie-Ability.

_Veritas_ writes to say that as he was crossing the ferry from Wall
Street to Brooklyn, yesterday afternoon, he counted 117 persons reading
PUNCHINELLO. He did not observe a single copy of the _Sun_ on board,
until the boat neared Brooklyn, when a man of squalid appearance
produced from a dirty newspaper some soiled articles, all of which
seemed to have been steeped in Lye, from contact with the sheet, which
proved to be the _Sun._

       *       *       *       *       *

A Con for the "Ninth."

What is there in common between Colonel FISK'S war-horse and a New York
Ice Company?

Both are tremendous Chargers.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

Here I am again, back from the seashore, to find the theatres opening,
the war closing, and GREELEY burning to imitate the late French Emperor,
by leading the Republican hosts to defeat in the Fall campaign, so as to
be in a position to write to the Germanically named HOFFMAN--"As I
cannot fall, ballot in hand, at the head of my repeaters, I surrender to
your victorious Excellency."

Being back, I went to see _Julius Caesar_ at NIBLO'S Garden. It was the
day when the French CAESER fell, and the impertinent soothsayer,
ROCHEFORT, who had so often advised him to beware, not of the Ides of
March, but of the _Idees Napoleoniennes,_ (there is a feeble attempt at
a pun here) obtained his liberty, and the right to assail in his
newspaper, the virtue of every female relative of the Imperial family.
Of course I know that JULIUS CAESAR was not a Frenchman--for the modesty
of his "Commentaries" is proverbial--and that SHAKESPEARE never so much
as heard of the Man of December. Nevertheless the two CAESARS were
inextricably mixed up in my mind. I know that two or three editorial
persons who sat close by me, were continually talking of NAPOLEON, and I
may possibly have confounded their remarks with those of the actors.
Still I could not divest myself of the impression that I was sometimes
in Paris and sometimes in Rome, and that the sepulchral voice of Mr.
THEODORE HAMILTON, was more often that of NAPOLEON than that of JULIUS.
The play presents itself to my recollection in the following shape. As I
said before, it was represented at the very moment that the French
republicans, being satisfied with the bees in their respective bonnets,
were obliterating the imperial bees from the doors of the Tuileries, and
being anxious to take arms against a sea of Prussians, were taking down
the imperial arms wherever they could find them. Remembering this, the
reader will be able to account for any slight difference in text between
my _Julius Caesar,_ and that of the respectable and able Mr. SHAKESPEARE.

ACT I.--_Enter various Irish Roman Citizens, flourishing the shillelahs
of the period._

1ST. CITIZEN. "Here's a row. Great CAESAR is going to march to Berlin.
Hooray for the Hemperor."

1ST EDITORIAL PERSON. "I grant you he was popular when the war began,
but to-day the people despise him."

CASSIUS. "I hate this CAESAR. Once he tried to swim across the British
Channel with a tame eagle on his shoulder, and couldn't do it. When he
is sick he takes anti-bilious pills, like any other man. Obviously he
don't deserve to live."

CASCA. (_Who is fat enough to know better, and not pretend to be
discontented_.) "Let's kill him and break all the glass in the windows
of Paris."

BRUTUS. "My friend, those who live in stone houses should never throw
glass about. I don't mean anything by this, but it sounds oracular, and
will make people think I am a profound philosopher."

EDITORIAL PERSON. "What I say is this. He, CAESAR, governed the Roman
rabble vastly better than they deserved. His only mistakes were, in not
sending CASSIUS, who was a sort of ROCHEFORT, without ROCHEFORT'S
cowardice, to the galleys, and in not sending BRUTUS as Minister to some
capital so dreary that he would have shot himself as soon as he reached
his destination."

ACT II.--_Enter_ BRUTUS _and fellow radicals._

BRUTUS. "I have no complaint against CAESAR, and I therefore gladly join
your noble band of assassins. We will kill him and establish a
provisional government with myself at its head. CAESAR is ambitious, and
I hate ambition. All I want is to be the ruler of Rome."

CASSIUS. "Come, my brave fellows. Haste to the stabbing. Away! Away!"

EDITORIAL PERSON. "What a farce is history. Here are PUMBLECHOOK, BRUTUS
and JOHN WILKES CASSIUS held up as models of excellence and integrity.
What did they and their fellow scoundrels do after they had killed
CAESAR, but desolate their country with civil war?"

ACT III.--_Enter_ ASSASSINS _headed by_ BRUTUS _and_ GAMBETTA, CASSIUS
_and_ ROCHEFORT.

CASSIUS. "Here is CAESAR with his back toward us, fighting the German's
hordes. Let us steal up and stab him before he can help himself." _(They
stab him.)_

CASSIUS. "Now we will kick his wife out of Paris and smash his
furniture. We will all become a Provisional Government, and fix
everything to suit ourselves. I will revive my newspaper, and hire a
staff from the New York _Sun,_ who will make it more scurrilous than
ever."

_Enter the Parisian populace crying, "Hooray for_ CAESAR."

CASSIUS. "Hush. CAESAR is dead, and we are going to proclaim a republic.
Begin and abuse him with all your might. We'll let you smash some
windows presently."

POPULACE. "Hooray. The tyrant has fallen. Let's go and insult his wife
and smash everything generally."

1ST EDITORIAL PERSON. "Yesterday these precious rascals voted for him.
To-day they insult him--it being safe to do so--and to-morrow they will
want him back again."

2ND EDITORIAL PERSON, "There lies the ruins of the noblest nephew of his
uncle that ever lived in France or elsewhere. He was unscrupulous, I
admit, but he knew how to rule. Shall we stay and hear MARK ANTONY
praise him, and set the fickle rabble at the throats of ROCHEFORT and
BRUTUS, and their gang?"

1ST EDITORIAL PERSON. "That will take place very shortly, but I can't
wait for it. I must go home to write an editorial welcoming the new
republic, and prophesying all manner of success for it. The American
people like that sort of trash, though they have already twice seen the
French try republican institutions only to make a muddle of them."

2ND EDITORIAL PERSON. "What do you think of the actors here at NIBLO'S."

1ST EDITORIAL PERSON. "DAVENPORT is good but heavy, BARRETT rants like a
raving French radical. MONTGOMERY is excellent, and the rest are so so."

And the undersigned having seen the French revolution played on the
Roman stage at NIBLO'S, also went home without waiting to see the
prophetic fourth and fifth acts, in which the conspirators come to
grief, and the empire is reestablished. We shall read all about it in
the cable dispatches a few months hence. Good Heavens! who can listen
calmly to the speeches of the players, while the grandest drama of the
century is acting across the sea, where a mad populace, freed from the
firm grasp of its master, breaks windows and howls itself hoarse as the
best preparations for holding the fairest of cities against the
resistless veterans of VON MOLTKE.

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Insurrectionary.

PUNCHINELLO, pondering over the vast sums that have been forwarded to
Cuba, in aid of the insurrectionary movements there, and struck with the
disadvantages under which the promoters of liberty labor in that sunny
isle, blesses his stars that, thanks to the enterprise of Miss SUSAN B.
ANTHONY, he can raise a Revolution in New York City, at any time,
for ten cents. Let those whom it may concern take heed.

       *       *       *       *       *

Bluff King Bill.

L.N. declared his determination to kick old King BILLY, of Prussia, off
from French territory. Well, it would only have been a new illustration
of "footing the Bill."

       *       *       *       *       *

Query.

As soon as the abominable fat-boiling nuisances have been abolished,
will it be right to say that they have fallen into de-_suet_-ude?

       *       *       *       *       *

A Seasonable Conundrum.

Why is New York City like the ex-Emperor of the French?
Because it has just got rid of its Census.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Suggestion.

In consideration of the splendid jewels worn by him, might not Colonel
JIM FISK be more appropriately called Colonel GEM FISK.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE SPIRIT OF THE WAR.

A Sketch In the Bowery.

_Small Frenchman._ "WHAT FOR YOU HIT ME WITH YOUR DAMBABY VEN YOU PASS?"

_Big German._ "WANTS TO FIGHT?--DINKS YOU CAN WHIP ME, EH?"

_Small Frenchman._ "NO--BUT I CAN GIVE YOUR DAMBABY ONE BLACK EYE!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

BY GEORGE!

LAKE GEORGE, August 30.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO:--I arrived here last Saturday, and as I would be the
last person to allow a commendable enterprise to languish for want of
proper encouragement, and in order to put the Hotel proprietors out of
suspense, I thought I would let you know without further delay that I
consider Lake George a success.

Not being expected, as I supposed, I must admit I was somewhat gratified
to find a full band playing on the veranda as the coach I was in drove
up.

It was a sort of delicate attention, you know.

I notice, however, that they continue playing in the afternoon since
then, I suppose it struck them as a good idea at the time.

The Fort William Henry Hotel is a gorgeous affair in every respect. It
is situated very near the old original Fort, just where the French
troops advanced to capture it, and made their celebrated charges.

Perhaps the present proprietor can't discount them at that sort of
thing.

Perhaps not!

Looking over one's bills reminds you a good deal of the Police Courts,
five dollars fine, twenty-five dollars costs.

The costs they make here are very good, however, altho' they do put a
little too much mint in them, I must say.

L.G. is all right, though. It is supplied with all the modern
conveniences. It isn't within five minutes walk of the post office, but
its water conveniences are apparent to all. There is no end to its
belles, and as for its ranges, it has two of them--both Adirondacks.

Yesterday I took a trip up the Lake and across to its neighbor,
Champlain.

Everybody takes this trip because its "the thing," and it is therefore
particularly necessary to take it. Ostensibly, you go to view the
scenery, really, to be inveigled into paying for a low comedy of a
dinner at the other end.

The first place our boat stopped at is called the "Trout Pavillion,"
principally, so far as I can learn, on account of the immense number of
pickerel caught there, and from the fact that it is unquestionably a
good site for a Pavillion whenever the esteemed Proprietor turns up
jacks enough, at his favorite game, to build one.

The next place was set down in the Guide Book as the "Three Sisters"
Islands, an appellation arising from the fact that there are precisely
_four_ of them.

I mentioned this apparent discrepancy to the boat clerk.

This young man, who belongs to a Base Ball Club, informs me that these
islands invariably travelled with a "substitute," as one occasionally
got "soaked."

This certainly seems a little curious, but as the young man says he was
born here, I suppose he knows.

This same young man pointed out a beautiful spot called Green Island and
asked me if I wouldn't like to live there.

He said he thought it would just suit me.

The attention of these people is really delightful.

Some of these places, however, have very inappropriate names, for
instance another little gem is called "Hog Island." No one knows why it
was so called. The clerk of the boat don't either.

He wanted to know if I had ever dined there.

I always make it a point to get on the right side of these Steamboat
fellows, always.

About half way up the Lake is a place called Tongue Mountain.

A long time ago a colony of strong-minded women settled there.

That may have had something to do with its name.

Nobody ever goes there now.

People go very near the mountain in boats, however, as it is noted for
something very extraordinary in the Echo line.

It has what is called a "Double Echo."

I fully expected something of this kind.

Now if there is anything I am particularly down on, it is those
unmitigated frauds known as Echoes. And if I ever throw four sixes, it
is when I am tackling some unsuspecting old ass of a watering place
echo.

I consider them "_holler_ mockeries."

Of course we steamed within proper distance, and I seized the
opportunity to "put a head on" this venerable two-ply nuisance, as
follows:

First, I read a page of a Patent Office Report I go armed with.

This the Echo, with very little hesitation, repeated in duplicate as
usual. From one side of the rock in English, and from the other in fair
French.

I saw at once that old EK was pretty well filled.

Next I sang "Listen to the Mocking Bird," which it repeated very
creditably indeed, dropping but two notes on the third verse. This it
made up for, I am bound to admit, by throwing in some original
variations in the chorus.

But I hadn't played from my sleeve yet, so I recited HAMLET'S Soliloquy.

From the wooded slope on our right came the familiar "_To be_" of BOOTH,
while from the sloping woods on our left proceeded a finely rendered
imitation of the Teutonic FECHTER, in the same.

This staggered me!

I had one more jack in my cuff, however. I pulled out a copy of the
Tribune and read a few paragraphs of GREELEY'S "What do I know about
Farming."

_That settled him!_

He never got to the first semi-colon. It knocked the breath right out of
him!

The poor old fossil had to quit. He changed his repeater to a leaver.
But then you see he had held the office a good while.

He hasn't left the business to any one, either.

In future no one will go fooling round there except the fishermen. The
sign is down.

In my next I will finish the Lake trip, and give you some account of the
celebrated "Roger's Slide."

SAGINAW DODD.

[_To be continued._]

       *       *       *       *       *

RAMBLINGS.

BY MOSE SKINNER.

POPULARITY.

Next to talk, popularity is the cheapest thing I know of. It is achieved
by three classes--those who have brains, those who have money, and those
who have neither. The first earn it; the second buy it; and the third
stumble into it, perhaps by waving their hat at an engineer just in time
to prevent the train from dashing over a precipice, or by chopping off
somebody's head with a meat axe and burning the remains up afterwards,
in which case the next day's paper gives a faithful account of their
pedigree, and their photograph can be purchased at any respectable
news-dealers, at a price within reach of all.

The most common-place sayings of popular men are handed down to
posterity, and a casual remark about the weather is often framed and
hung up in the spare-bedroom.

It behooves every public man to keep a sentence or two on hand, with a
view to embalming them for future reference. I wish to state, in
confidence, that if any prominent man who can't think of anything that
sounds well, will address me, I will furnish him at the low price of one
dollar a sentence. My stock is entirely fresh and original, and embraces
such gems as--"Don't give up the ship," "Such is Life," "How's this for
high?" "I die happy," "A stitch in time saves nine," &c., &c.

I am also prepared to furnish "last words of eminent men," at a moderate
compensation.

General GRANT has taken time by the forelock in this matter. His "Let us
have Peace," was a most brilliant effort, because nobody ever thought of
it before. "I propose to move on your works immediately, if it takes all
summer," was also a happy thought.

When General GRANT was in Boston he said he liked the way they made
gravy in Massachusetts. Now this in itself would not, perhaps, be called
deep, because others have said the same thing before, but, coming from a
man like GRANT, it set folks to thinking, and it is not surprising that
something of this sort went the rounds:

    "We have the best authority for stating that General GRANT,
    during his recent visit to Boston, remarked that he was
    gratified at the manner in which gravy was produced in
    Massachusetts. Our talented Chief Magistrate is a man of few
    words, but what he does say is spicy, and to the point."

At the Peace Jubilee, GRANT said he "liked the cannon best;" but the
reporters, being confidentially informed that the remark wasn't intended
for posterity, it didn't get out much. I didn't hear of his saying
anything else.

If a popular man takes cold, the whole public sneeze. His opinions must
go into the papers any how, though perhaps no better than anybody's
else. Thus--from a daily paper:

    "The Hon. MONTGOMERY BLAIR recently said in a private
    conversation, that the present war would probably end in
    victory for the Prussians, and the overthrow of Napoleon."

Supposing he did? I heard JOHN SMITH say the same thing in an eating
saloon over a month ago, and out of twenty gentlemen present, four were
reporters, but they didn't take out their note books in breathless haste
and put down the Hon. JOHN SMITH'S opinion, how Mr. SMITH looked when he
said it, and if he said it as though he really meant it, and in a manner
that thrilled his listeners.

But JOHN hasn't any popularity, you see, and the Hon. MONTGOMERY
has--though it may be a little mildewed.

Soon after the war, I wrote an article on the Alabama Claims. It was a
masterly effort, and cost me a month's salary to get it inserted in a
popular magazine. If that article had proved a success, I could easily
have gulled the public all my life on the popularity thus achieved.

But I made a wretched mistake to start with. Instead of heading it "The
Alabama Claims," "By CHARLES SUMNER," or "HORACE GREELEY." I said "By
MOSE SKINNER."

I will not dwell on the result. Suffice it to say that I soon after
retired from literature, a changed being, utterly devoid of hope.

MORAL SUASION.

A friend of mine, an eminent New York philanthropist, relates the
following interview with a condemned criminal. The crime for which this
wretched man was hung is still fresh in our memories. One morning at
breakfast his tripe didn't suit him, and he immediately brained his wife
and children and set the house on fire, varying the monotony of the
scene by pitching his mother-in-law down the well, having previously,
with great consideration, touched her heart with a cheese knife.

I will now quote my friends' own words:

"He was pronounced a hard case, manifesting no sorrow for his act, and
utterly indifferent to his approaching doom. A score of good people had
visited him with the kindest intentions, but without making the smallest
impression upon him.

"Without boasting, I wish to say that I knew I could touch this man's
heart. I saw a play once in which the most blood-thirsty and brutal
ruffian that ever existed was melted to tears at the mention of his
mother's name, and childhood's happy hours, and everybody knows that
what happens on the stage happens just the same in real life.

"I naturally congratulated myself on having seen this play, for it gave
me power to cope with this relentless disposition.

"He resisted all attempts at conversation, however, in the most dogged
manner, barely returning surly monosyllables to my anxious wishes for
his well being.

"At last, laying my hand on his shoulder, and throwing considerable
pathos into my voice, I said:

"My friend, it was not always thus with you. There was a time when you
sat upon your mother's knee, and gathered buttercups and daisies?"

"Ah! I had touched the right chord at last. His brow contracted and his
lips twitched convulsively."

"And when that mother put you in your little bed," I continued, "she
kissed you, and hoped you would grow up a--"

"You lie," said he, "she didn't. The old woman was six foot under ground
afore I could chaw. Now, look a here, you're the fourth chap that's
tried the 'mother' dodge on me. Why don't you fellers" he added with a
malicious grin, "go back on the mother business, and give the old man a
chance, jest for a change?"

"After the above scurvy treatment I was naturally anxious to witness the
man's funeral, which I understood was to be a gorgeous affair, six
respectably-attired females having been sworn in to kiss the body, amid
the hysteric weeps of three more in the background."

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: PRACTICAL.

_Housewife._ "VAKE YOU UP, HANS--HERE'S ANODER BRUSSIAN VICTORY."

_Hans, (dreamily.)_ "ANODER BRUSSIAN VICTORY?--DEN LET US HAVE ANODER
BRUSSIAN BIER."]

       *       *       *       *       *

Hot and Cold.

The sensational paragraph writers had better "let up" on the question of
an imminent dearth of ice. There is no real probability that we shall be
without ice before winter sets in. It is only for the purpose of keeping
us in hot water that the newspaper men say we shan't have cold water.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: NOT JUST YET!

_Mr. Greeley._ "PRAY, TAKE A SEAT, MR. WOODFORD; I WOULDN'T ON ANY
ACCOUNT DEPRIVE YOU," etc., etc.

_Mr. Woodford._ "No! NO!--TAKE IT YOURSELF, MR. GREELEY; THE LAST THING
I SHOULD THINK OF WOULD BE," etc., etc.

_Governor Hoffman._ "DON'T TROUBLE YOURSELVES, GENTLEMEN: I SHALL
PROBABLY CONTINUE TO OCCUPY THE CHAIR FOR A COUPLE OF YEARS, YET."]

       *       *       *       *       *

COMIC ZOOLOGY.

Genus, Phoca.--The Seal.

This is the common name of the inoffensive and fur-bearing members of
the Phocidae family. The word seal is derived, radically, from the
German _Siegel,_ so that to say a man has "fought mit SIEGEL," is
equivalent to remarking that he has assailed a harmless and timid seal.

The Phocidae, without distinction of sex, are known as Mammafers,
although it would manifestly be more correct to call the males Papafers.
Under the present classification, the confusion of genders necessarily
engenders confusion.

Unless AGASSIZ is gassing us, the true seal has no sign of an ear,
wherefore the deafening roar of the surf in which it delights to sport
is probably no inconvenience to it. As distinguished from dumb beasts in
general, it may properly be called a deaf and dumb animal. The false
seal, on the contrary, has as true an ear as e'er was seen. To the
counterfeits belong the sea lion, the Mane specimen of the tribe in the
Arctic sea, and the sea leopard, which seems to be phocalized in the
Antarctic circle. All the varieties of the seal seek concealment in
caverns, and their Hides are much sought after.

Sealing was at one time chiefly monopolized by adventurous New
Englanders, who combined the pursuit with whaling, but at present the
sealers of Salt Lake bear off the palm from all competitors, both as
regards numbers and hardihood. Whether they combine whaling with sealing
is not positively known, but probably they do. Such is the universal
passion for sealing among the people of that region, that the old men
act like Young men when engaged in this exciting occupation.

The Phocidae appear to have attracted the attention of Mankind at a very
early period--Seals being frequently spoken of in the Scriptures. St.
JOHN witnessed the opening of no less than seven varieties, and must
have been well acquainted with their internal structure.

The earless, or true species, are often seen in considerable numbers on
the British coast, and the Great Seal of England--only to be found in
the vicinity of the Thames--is of such remarkable size and weight, that
it never makes its appearance without producing a strong Impression.

The Green Seal, a much admired variety, is peculiar to Madeira, and
seals of various colors are often seen in close proximity to the
British. Ports; the number taken off Cork being prodigious.

None of the animals of the Phoca genus are tenacious of life. They may
readily be destroyed with sealing whacks. A large stick properly applied
has been known to seal the fate of a dozen in the space of half an hour.
KANE knocked them over without difficulty, and they never attempt to
defend themselves, according to PANEY.

In conclusion, it may be remarked that immense herds of seals cover the
coasts of Alaska. It is nevertheless difficult to catch a glimpse of
them, on account of the enormous flocks of humming birds, which darken
the air in that genial clime. Occasionally, however, the Arctic zephyrs
disperse the feathery cloud, and then vast numbers of the timid
creatures, with a sprinkling of the Walrus, may be seen by looking in a
Se(a)ward direction.

       *       *       *       *       *

A LITTLE ACKNOWLEDGMENT.

The _Free (and Easy) Press_ has honored PUNCHINELLO with a brief as well
as premature obituary paragraph. Flattered as he is by being thus
noticed in the columns of a journal of the long standing and well
sustained popularity of the _Free (and Easy) Press_, it pains
PUNCHINELLO to be obliged to state that he still lives, and that he is
not only alive, but kicking. That he has come to an end, is true--but it
is to the end of his First Volume, as the _F. (and E.) Press_ can see by
turning to the admirably written, dashing, humorous, and absolutely
unsurpassable Index appended to our present number, which Index
PUNCHINELLO cordially recommends to the perusal of the _F. (and E.)
Press_. The Preface to his Second Volume, however, which is now in
preparation, will, PUNCHINELLO confidently assures the _F. (and E.)
Press_, be altogether superior to the Index to his First. Let the _F.
(and E.) Press_ look out for it. But, meanwhile, the _F. (and E.) Press_
can cheer itself by frequent contemplation of the entertaining personage
who serves as tail-piece to the Index, and whose gesture is of that
familiar and suggestive kind that will doubtless be thoroughly
understood by the _F. (and E.) Press_, and, as PUNCHINELLO hopes, fully
appreciated.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "HUMPTY DUMPTY SAT ON THE WALL, HUMPTY DUMPTY HAD A GREAT
FALL."

AND IT HE HAD FALLEN AMONG THE PRUSSIANS, ONLY, IT MIGHTN'T HAVE BEEN SO
BAD FOR HIM; BUT, AS HE ALSO FELL UPON FRENCH BAYONETS, IT IS QUITE
CERTAIN THAT HE CAN NEVER GET UP AGAIN.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN IN WALL STREET.

His Celebrated Speech before the Board or Brokers.--A few Words of Sound
Advice from the Squire.

Doorin' a breef sojern in the Emperor City, a deputation of Wall Street
brokers and smashers called and invited me to make a speech afore the
members of their church, whose _Sin_-agog is situated in Brod Street.

Thinks I, if I can make these infatuated worshippers of the Golden Calf,
Mammon, see the error of their ways and take a back track, me thunk my
chances for the White House would be full as flatterin' as Sisters
WOODHUL, GEORGIANA FRANCIS TRAIN, or any other woman, in '72.

Layin' off my duster, and adjustin' my specturcals, at the appinted
hour, I slung the follerin' extemperaneous remarks at 'em:

My infatuated friends and Goverment Bondmen:

As an ex-statesman which has served his country for 4 years as Gustise
of the Peece, raisin' said offis to a hire standard than usual, to say
nothin' about raisin' an interestin' family of eleven morril an hily
intellectooal children, I rise and git up, ontramelled by any politikle
alliances, to say: that when you fellers git on a mussy fit, like the
old woman who undertook to pick her chickens by runnin' them through a
patent hash cutter, you make the feathers fly, and leave your victims in
a hily clawed up stait.

Perfesser ARKIMIDEES, of Oxford, (and here allow me to stait, so as to
avoid newspaper contraryversy, as in the case of DISRALLY'S novel
Lothere, _I have no refference to_ T. GOLDWIN SMITH _whatsomever_, as I
believe ARKIMIDEES is now dead,) said he could raise the hul earth with
a top section of a rale fence, if he could only find something tangible
to rest his timber on.

My friends, that man had never heerd of Wall Street, and I'de bet all
the money I can borrer on it.

With such a prop as this ere little territory, where games of chance are
"entered into accordin' to the act of Congress," to cote from a familiar
passage in every printed copy of PUNCHINELLO, the Perfesser could have
raised this little hemisfeer quicker than any of you chaps can gobble up
a greenhorn.

And, sirs, I'me sorry to be obliged to speak plain, it would be a darned
site more to your credit if you'd try and raise the earth, instead of
daily usin' Wall Street as a base of operations to raise H----,
well--excuse me, the futer asilum for retired brokers.

How do you manage, when you want to make a steak?

You run up stocks and produce a crysis.

Outsiders rush in lickety smash, and invest all the money they can rake
and scrape, in these inflated stocks. Suddenly you prick the bubble,
when, alas! besides the cry-sis, there's more cry-bubs in and about Wall
Street than there was in Egipt, when NAPOLEON BONAPART chopped off the
heads off all the first born. Instances have been known, where a good
many of you chaps have rammed your head in the Tiger's mouth once too
often.

If my memry serves me correctly, FISKE and GOOLD made you perambulate
off on your eyebrows, last fall, and while the a-4-said Tigers walked
off with the seats of your trowserloons in their teeth, you all jined in
the follerin' him:

     Wall Street is all a fleetin' sho',
     From which lame ducks are driven,
     "Up in a balloon they allers go,
     To Tophet, not to Heaven."

Another little dodge of your'n, my misguided friends, is to keel off K.
VANDERBILT.

What did you do t'other day?

Why, when KERNELIUS was engaged in a friendly game of cards for _keeps_,
up at Saratogy, some poor deluded _money_-maniac telegrafs that the
Commodore had at last found his match, and had been gathered to his
fathers. While at the bottom of the dispatch was forged the name of my
friend, KISSLEBURGH, city editor of the _Troy Times_, who, up to the
present time, if this coot knows herself, hain't bin into the hiway
robbin' bizziness, not by a long shot. But, my friends and feller
citizens, old VAN is sharper that a two-edged gimlet.

When he lays down his wallet among a lot of other calf skins, like a
great sponge in a puddle of water, it sucks every square inch of legal
tender, which is in suckin' distance.

For a regler 40 hoss power suction, K. VANDERBILT is your man. I ones
thought I could never take a locker to this 'ere honest old heart, but
as I cast my gaze over this audience, and observe among the Bulls and
Bears, a cuple of Dears, I will retract that, payin' in the follerin'
_Jew de spree_:

     Come rest on this buzzum,
     Oh! butiful broker,
     With your arms clinchin' tite,
     This innercent choker.

     I'le stand it from thee,
     If you'll never go near,
     The Bulls and the Bears,
     When HIRAM is here.

(This impromtu poetikism, Mr. PUNCHINELLO, kicked up quite a little
breeze, in the midst of which the pretty brokers blushed and looked so
bewitchin' like, that it was enuff to make a feller throw stuns at K.
VANDERBILT if the pretty Dears only wanted him to.)

I agin resoomed:

My infatuated friends; afore I wind up, let me give you a few partin'
words of advice.

Give up this 'ere gamblin' bizziness. When you run up gold it hits the
hul mercantile body of this nation a wipe in the stummuck. A good many
little cubs, as well as a few ole Bears, have been gobbled up by your
confounded efforts at runnin' up gold, while you grin and chuckle like
the laffin' hyena, when ransackin' Navy Yards and whisky distilleries.
But, if you insist on goin' ahead and earnin' your daily peck by
smashin' things and layin' out the onsofisticated, all I have got to say
is, that next time you've got a _sure thing_ to make a speck, by
telegrafin' me at Skeensboro, I won't mind comin' down and takin' a hand
in, if my pocketin' a few hundred thousands will be the means of
betterin' your morrils, by my sharin' your burden. In concloosion,
feller citizens, feelin' in rather a poetical mood to-day, I will close
with the follerin' tribute to Wall Street and its inhabitants:

    "Imperious SEIZER, dead, and turned to cla,
    Mite stop a hole to keep the wind away;"
    Onless from Wall Street, was blowin' raw.
    The tempestous breezes, from a broker's flaw.

Amid tumultous cheers, and a general rushin' to DELMONICO'S, where Wall
Street waters her stock, (of lickers,) I sot down.

Ewers, without a dowt,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

Stage By-play.

A sporting paper gives the following item:

"Two nines, composed of members of BOOTH'S, WALLACK'S and the Olympic
theatrical companies, played an interesting game of base-ball at the
Union base-ball grounds, last week."

Imagine Sir HARCOURT COURTLEY batting splendidly to DIEDRICK VAN
BEEKMAN'S pitching; or picture Major DE BOOTS waiting patiently on the
short stop for a chance to put Captain ABSOLUTE out on his second base.
The experience of these gentlemen before the footlights may have made
them light-footed, but from mere force of habit they are all pretty sure
to be caught out in the "flies."

       *       *       *       *       *

Professional.

"They may talk about nines," said the Doctor, when base-ball was the
subject under discussion. "They may talk about their nines; but I know
of a nine that would lay them all out in double-quick time, and it is
called Strychnine."

       *       *       *       *       *

A FECULENT NUISANCE.

Persons passing along Nassau Street, between Ann and Beekman Streets,
for some days past, have had their olfactories unpleasantly assailed by
a vile stench. On investigation by officers of the Board of Health, the
foul odor was found to exhale from the premises of 113 Nassau Street.
Further examination disclosed the fact that the nuisance arose from a
quantity of Dead Rabbits deposited on the premises by one JAMES O'BRIEN,
for purposes best known to himself. It is said that the entire concern
is to be handed over to the New York Rendering Company, for conversion
into the kind of tallow used for the manufacture of the cheapest kind of
rush-lights.

       *       *       *       *       *

The Greatest Joke of the Season.

The idea of nominating JAMES O'BRIEN for the office of Mayor of the City
of New York. But it cannot be called a practical joke.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: "IT WAS IN THE CHAMPAGNE COUNTRY THAT LOUIS NAPOLEON CAME
TO GRIEF. THE FIZZ OF THE CHAMPAGNE WAS TOO MUCH FOR HIM, AND HE
FIZZLED."--_(Letter from a War Correspondent.)_]

       *       *       *       *       *

PUNCHINELLO AS A "SAVANT."

MR. PUNCHINELLO: I have always taken a profound interest in Science.
When a child my fond parents observed in me a decided taste for
Entomology, the wings and legs of butterflies and grasshoppers being the
objects of my special investigation. As a school-boy I obtained (despite
the frequent closing of my visual organs) considerable Insight into
Physical Science in the course of numerous pugilistic encounters. A
close Application to Optics at that time enabled me to get some Light on
the Subject.

I was quite a phenomenon in Astronomy. While yet an unweaned infant I
made numerous observations on the Milky Way, and when learning to walk
frequently saw stars undiscernable with the most powerful telescope.
Since my arrival at man's estate I have frequently experimented on the
Elasticity of the Precious Metals, but have generally found it extremely
difficult to make both ends meet.

Considering, therefore, that I had as just a claim to be called
scientific, as many who pretend to be _Savants_, I determined to attend
the late Scientific Convention at Troy. My reception was most
gratifying. On presenting my credentials to the Convention, that learned
body welcomed me with open arms, and I was escorted to a place among the
members by its distinguished head.

Some of the speculations of these eminent philosophers were exceedingly
profound, and it is really wonderful, Mr. PUNCHINELLO, to what an extent
theory may be carried in the advance of science.

Mr. GOOSEFELT read a learned and original paper--carefully compiled from
various sources--on the Steam Engine, in the course of which he stated
that his great aunt, who had been blown up on the first steamboat that
ever went down in the Mississippi, during the great Earthquake of 1811,
was still living. Also, that his godfather, the celebrated Mr.
NICODEMUS, assisted (probably in the interests of science) in pulling
down the statue of GEORGE III in the Bowling Green. The importance of
these two facts cannot be over-estimated, as they will undoubtedly give
a tremendous impulse to the wheels of science.

Professor GREYWACKE, the eminent Geologist, delivered an address on
Natural Petrifactions, indicating the various specimens of Ancient
Fossils by which he was surrounded, and describing their formation. The
audience was probably Petrified with astonishment at the immense
learning and research he displayed, for it observed a Stony silence,
only interrupted by an occasional snore.

A brilliant paper on the Illuminating Power of Gas was read by Professor
M.T. HEAD. It was a most Luminous production, and proved conclusively
that an immense expenditure of gas sometimes throws very little Light on
any Subject. The Professor is thoroughly versed in Meters, and is the
author of the "Volume of Gas" which has attracted so much attention in
the scientific world.

Professor SUETT addressed the Scientists on the Effect of Tallow upon
Ox(h)ides. From certain experiments made by him it appears that the
Oleaginous principle is incompatible with Water, and unfavorable to the
action of rust.

A member was of the opinion that this important discovery might be
turned to great practical advantage, as the application of cart grease
to rusty iron axles might possibly facilitate the rotary motion of the
wheels.

This novel and valuable suggestion was hailed with shouts of applause,
and the thanks of the Convention were immediately voted to the
distinguished member, whose name I have unfortunately forgotten.

Professor HYDRAGE read an Essay on the Transit of Mercury, which he said
would take place in the form of a Bed Precipitate in 1878. It may
possibly take place before then, however, as the Faculty of Medicine are
said to be rapidly abandoning the use of calomel.

The State Conchologist read an extremely interesting disquisition on the
Oyster, which was divided into sections and literally devoured by the
audience. He also exhibited some Specimens of Conchs, which were regular
Sneezers in point of size.

An announcement which was made by the distinguished Astronomer,
Professor LOONEY, created a most profound sensation.

He stated that with the aid of a powerful telescope he had discovered an
immense Fissure in the Moon. He was quite positive that he had also
observed a Man in the Gap. Although unable to distinguish the features
of this individual, he thought it might possibly be JAMES STEPHENS, the
missing Fenian Head Centre.

When the excitement consequent upon this startling announcement had
subsided, I rose and addressed the Convention as follows:

"Ladies and Gentlemen: I cannot express, in words, the profound
gratification with which I have listened to the learned and eloquent
addresses which have just been delivered. The advancement of Science is
an object which is worthy the efforts of such distinguished _savants_ as
I see around me, and to this object they have brought that profundity of
learning which is only to be gathered from the perusal of elementary
text books, that almost strabismal acuteness of perception which enables
them to descry such great scientific truths as can be discovered through
an orifice in a barn door, and that wonderful power of discrimination
which enables them to distinguish between the seed of the leguminous
plant known as the bean, and the other vegetable productions of Nature,
when the bag is open.

As an humble member of the Brotherhood of Science, I desire to
contribute, in however insignificant a degree, to the Great Cause of
Learning. I will therefore, with Your Permission, read" (loud cries of
'No! No!' 'Put him out!' etc., to which of course I paid no attention,)
"the following papers: 'An Inquiry as to Whether Diptheria has anything
to do with the Migration of the Swallow,' 'On the possibility of
straightening the curve of the African Shin Bone.' 'On Marine Plants and
Deep Sea Currents.' 'On the Laws of Mechanics, with observations on the
Mechanic's Lien Law and the By-Laws of Trades Unions.' 'Some Reflections
on Reflection.' 'The Connection between Mathematics and Versification,
as illustrated by LOGARHYTHMS.' 'Minute Experiments with the
Hour-Glass,' and 'Important Speculations on the Sea Changes.'"

I proceeded to read the first of the above named papers, but before I
had got very far, Mr. PUNCHINELLO, I was interrupted by a peculiar
sound, which I at first took for subdued applause, but which, on
investigation, I found proceeded from the noses of the audience. In
short, Mr. P., both audience and Convention were in a profound slumber.
Considerably mortified, I withdrew in silence. I am determined, however,
that my theses shall not be lost to posterity. I intend to have them
published, and to send you a copy of each.

Profoundly yours,

CHINCAPIN.

       *       *       *       *       *

Pearing Time.

We learn that "some of the pear trees in Suffolk County are now in
blossom." Surely such a season as this one for pears has never before
been seen. Who knows but the fact may induce SUSAN B. ANTHONY to go
pairing with some Revolutionary bachelor?

       *       *       *       *       *

INDEX

  A.

  About a Clock
  Advice to Picnic Parties
  Aerated Verbiage
  Agricultural Column, Our
  Albany Cock Robins
  Allurements of the Period
  All Aboard for Holland
  All Hail
  American Cutlery in France
  Answers to Correspondents
  Arrah, What Does He Mane, at All?
  Astronomical Conversations
  Associated Press Telegrams
  Augean Job, An

  B.

  Ballad of Capt. Eyre, The
  Bachelor's Moving Day, The
  Bad "Odor" in the West
  Ballad of the Good Litttle Boy aged ten
  "Behold how Pleasant a Thing," &c.
  Beautiful Snow
  Bit of Natural History, A
  Bird of Wisdom in Iowa, The
  Bingham on Rome
  Blocks and Blockheads
  Book Notices
  Boyhood
  Bow-Wow!
  Broadbrim to Aborigine
  Business
  By George

  C.

  Cause and Effect
  Captain Hall, To
  Cable News
  Caution
  Cats, On
  Card of Thanks, A
  Chat about Railroads, A
  Chance for our Organ Grinders, A
  Charge of the Ninth Brigade
  Chinopathy
  China Pattern, A
  Chincapin at Long Branch
  Chincapin among the Free Lovers
  Church Militant
  Cincinnatus Sweeny
  Condensed Congress
  Colonel Fisk's Soliloquy
  Cons, by a Wrecker
  Comic Zoology
  Congressman to his Critics, A
  Consistent League, A
  Coup d'etat, My
  Correspondence Bureau
  Contemporary Sentiments
  Conversion of the "_Sun_"
  Cool, if not Comfortable
  Colored Troopa Fought Nobly, The
  Criticism of the Period
  Critical Intelligence
  Crispin _vs_. Coolie
  Current Tables
  CARTOONS--March 4, 1869--March 4, 1870
    Our Efficient Navy Department
    The Descent of the great Massachusetts Frog upon the Newspaper Flies
    The Great National Game
    Financial Belief
    The Sick Eagle
    The Financial Inquisition
    Editorial Washing Day in New York
    The New Plea for Murder
    International Yachting
    The Wedding Ring as Sorosis would like to see it
    The Blood Money
    "What I Know About Farming"
    The Wedding Ring again
    Modern Matrimony
    Yan-ki _vs_. Yankee
    The New Pandora's Box
    Lncifer's Little Game with his Royal Puppets
    Death of the "Entente Cordial"
    Wonderful Tour de Force
    The Ovation of Murder
    Law _versus_ Lawlessness
    What Will He Do With It?
    At the Saratoga Convention
    Humpty Dumpty

  D.

  Depressions for Chicago
  Delights of Dougherty, The
  Desultory Hints and Maxims for Anglers
  Distinguished Visitor, A
  Dorgs, On
  Dogs Tale, A
  Down the Bay
  Drainage under Difficulties
  Dreadful State of Things out West, The
  Dubious English
  Dwarf Dejected, The

  E.

  Earthly Paradise
  Editorial Washing Day
  Elevated Statesmanship
  England's Quandry
  Episode of Jack Horner
  Excellent Old Song Made New, An
  Excelsior

  F.

  Fable
  Ferocity of Failure, The
  Female Gentleman, The
  Fifteenth Amendment
  Finances, On the
  Fish Sauce
  Fine Arts in Philadelphia
  Fiscalities
  Fish Culture
  Fishery Question, The
  Financial
  Financial Article, Our
  Four Seasons, The
  Forty-four to Fourteen
  Foreign Correspondence
  Foam
  Free Baths, The
  From an Anxious Mother to her Daughter
  Fun and Fin

  G.

  Gay Young Joker, A
  George Francis the Ubiquitous
  Glimpses of Fortune
  Gossip in a School-house
  Good for Something Better
  Gravestones For Sale
  Grant's Blackbird pie
  Greeley's Aid to Literary Effort
  Greeley on Bailey
  Great Canal Enterprise, The
  Great African Tea Company, The
  Greek Meeting Greek

  H.

  Habits of Great Men
  Hamlet from a Rural Point
  Hall and Hayes
  H. G. and Terpsichore
  Hints for the Family
  High and Low Church
  Hints upon High Art
  Hints to Car Conductors
  Hints for Those Who Will Take Them
  Hints for the Census
  High Notes by our Musical Critic
  Hiram Green at Saratoga
  Hiram Green at the Tower of Babel
  Hiram Green on the Chinese
  Hiram Green Experience as an Editor
  Hiram Green writes to Napoleon
  Hiram Green on Jersey Musquitoes
  Hiram Green at the Female Convention
  Hiram Green on Base Ball
  Hiram Green among the Fat men
  Hiram Green to Napoleon
  Hiram Green in Wall Street
  How a Disciple of Fox Became a Lover of Bull
  Horticultural Hints
  Holy-Grail, and other Poems, The
  Homodeification
  Hyperborean

  I.

  Idiomatic Items
  Important to Publishers
  Indian, The
  Interesting to Bone Boilers
  Interior Illumination
  Indian Question, The
  Information Wanted
  Inspiration vs. Perspiration
  Items from our Rural Reporters

  J

  Joys of Summer, The
  Jottings from Washington
  Jumbles
  Jupiter Bellicosus

  K

  Kellogg Testimonials, The
  King Oakey, the First
  King Craft Looking Up

  L

  Latest from Washington
  Latest News Items
  Latest about "Lo."
  Letter from a Friend
  Letter of Advice, A
  Letter from a Japanese Student
  Letter from a Croaker, A
  Leaven of Leavenworth
  Literary Vampire
  Lines by a Hapless Swain
  Long Shot, A
  "Lot" on a Lot of Proverbs
  Love in a Boarding-House
  Lucus a non, etc

  M

  Mariner's Wrongs, The
  Marriage Market in Rome, The
  Maine Question in Massachusetts
  Marine Mixture, A
  Managers of Railroads, To
  Medical Miss, A
  Methodist Book Concern, Concerning the
  Mercantile Library Association
  Mind your P's and Q's
  Miseries of a Handsome Man
  Motley Melody, A
  Municipal Competition
  Murphy the Conqueror
  Mythology, Of
  Mystery of Mr. E. Drood.
  Mythology, Further of
  Mythology, More

  N

  National Taxidermy
  Napoleon's Latest Manifesto
  Natural Mistake, A
  New Conglomerate Pavement
  New England to New York
  New Railway Project, A
  New "Process", The
  Ninety-nine in the Shade
  Nothing like Leather
  Notary's Protest, A
  Nought for Nought
  Now We Shall Have It
  Notes from Chicago
  Now's your Chance
  Note from the Orchestra

  O

  Ode to the Missing Collector
  Old Bailey Practitioner, An
  Old Boy to the Young Ones, An
  Old Saws Re-set
  Old Iron
  Olive Logan
  Opinions of the Press
  Orange Peel, Etcetera
  Origin of the Mississippi
  Orpheus C. Kerr, Sketch of
  Organizing an Organ
  Origin of Punchinello
  O, that air!
  Our Future
  Out of the Streets
  Our Literary Legate
  Our Cuban Telegrams
  Our Explosives

  P

  Patriotic Adoration
  Pat to the Question
  Parable About the 12th of July
  Pardonable Solicitude
  Perennius AEre
  Periodical Literature
  Philadelvings
  Plays and Shows
  Please the Pigs
  Plea for Protection
  Pluckily Patriotic, Still
  Poems of the Cradle
  Popularity, Our
  Political Claptrap
  Police Report, Our
  Possible "Why" of it, The
  Portfolio, Our
  Prospectus
  Pump, The
  Punchinello's New Charter
  Punchinello in Wall Street
  Punchinello's Lyrics
  Punchinello and the Aldermen
  Punchinello on the Jury
  Punchinello Is Sorry
  Punchinello's Vacations
  Punchinello as a "Savan"

  Q

  Query

  R

  Raising Cain
  Rather Mixed
  Rather Flashy Idea, A
  Ramblings
  Real Estate of Woman, The
  Religious Amusements
  Remonstrance, A
  Religion of Temperance
  Receipe to be Tested
  Reform in Juvenile Literature
  Rejuvenated France
  Right and Left
  Robins, The
  Romaunt of the Oyster
  Rose by any other Name, A
  Roar from Niagara, A
  Romance of a Rich Young Man

  S

  Sailing Directions, &c
  Science Forever
  Seasonable Parody, A
  Several Unsavory Renderings
  Ship Ahoy!
  Sic Semper Epluribus, &c
  Sorosian Impromptu, A
  Song of the Returned Soldier
  Song of the New Babel
  Song of the Red Cloud
  Song of the Chicago Lawyer
  Song of the Mosquito
  Society, &c
  Spencerian Chaff
  Spiritual Susceptibility of Cats
  Spring Fever
  Spirit of the Navy
  Standard Literature
  Stridor Pentium
  Summer on the Catskills
  Summer at Sandy Point

  T

  Taking a Senator's Measure
  Take Care of the Wounded
  Temperance Song
  That Indian Talk
  Thiers, Idle Thiers
  Thirteenth Man in the Omnibus
  Titans
  "Tobacco Parliament" of Ohio, The
  To Our Readers
  Traveller's Tales
  Treatment for Potato Bugs
  Truly Noble
  Tutti Tremando
  Turkish Bath, My

  U

  Ulyss, To
  Umbrella, The
  Uncle Samuel
  Universockdology
  Urbs in Rure

  V

  V.H. to Punchinello
  Visit to "Sheridan's Ride"
  Voice from the Hub
  Voice of the Turtle, The
  Vultures Call, The

  W

  Wanted, a Sheriff
  War, The
  Wat Cum Snecst
  Way to Become Great, The
  Weather Prophecies for May
  Western Nomenclature
  What the Press is Expected to Say
  What I Know About Free Trade
  What I Know About Protection
  What Is It
  What Sigerson Says
  What Shall We Call It?
  Why is it so Dry?
  Woman, Past and Present
  Women's Rights Again
  Woman in Wall Street
  Woman in the Census
  Woman's Right to Ballot and Bullet
  Words and their Abases
  Wrong Mouth
  Wringer of the Future

  Y

  Y.M.C.A.

       *       *       *       *       *
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A. T. Stewart& Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Have opened                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                     AN IMMENSE STOCK OF                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                            SILKS,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                             For                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 STREET AND EVENING DRESSES,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       At $2 per yard,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Recently sold at $4 and $5.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A LARGE LINE OF                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        STRIPED SILKS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FRESH GOODS                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    $1 to $1.50 per yard.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLACK SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 From $1.25 per yard upward.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Plain and Plaid Poplins,                   |
  |                       Satins de Chine,                       |
  |                       Empress Cloths,                        |
  |                        Royal Velvets,                        |
  |                         Serges, etc.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    Customers, strangers, and the public are respectfully     |
  |                    requested to examine.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |              Have largely replenished all their              |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Popular Stocks of                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DRESS GOODS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          Etc., Etc.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                       WITH GOODS WHICH                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                For Quality, Style and Prices,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                     CANNOT BE EXCELLED,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |             and respectfully request purchasers              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     To Examine the Same,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                4th Avenue, 9th and 10 Streets                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                           CARPETS.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    100 Pieces Five-Frame                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ENGLISH BRUSSELS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Reduced to $1.75 per yard.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |    200 Pieces do., Greater part Confined Styles, Reduced     |
  |                       to $2 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Very Best Quality                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ENGLISH TAPESTRY BRUSSELS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.30 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       FRENCH MOQUETTES                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          AXMINSTERS                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    $3.50 and $4 per yard.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ROYAL WILTONS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Best Quality, $2.50 and $3 per yard.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     CROSSLEY'S VELVETS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Choice Designs, $2.50 per yard.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Superfine Ingrains, 3-Plys.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     English and Domestic                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                       OILCLOTHS, RUGS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         MATS, ETC.,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                   At extremely low prices                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A.T. STEWART & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. ll x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13 x 18.                                      |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


[Illustration: THE WIFE'S WINDFALL.

_Smith (who had forgetfully left his pocket-book on the piano, last
night.)_ "HAVE YOU FOUND ANYTHING THIS MORNING, ANGELINA?"

_Angelina._ "O! YES, DEAR, THANKS--AND I'VE ORDERED A NEW PIANO STOOL,
SOME LACE CURTAINS, AND--SUCH A LOVE OF A BONNET!"]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS. Wholesale and Retail.               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 FINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES.--All at the same premises, and under       |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                           prepared                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         COMBINATION EXCURSION or Round Trip Tickets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |      Valid during the the entire season, and embracing       |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |    Nos. 241, 529, and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 33     |
  | Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338  |
  |  Fulton St., Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St., New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long  |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |                       "Chas. Dickens."                       |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are included.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ...................... $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies ........................................ .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |     or paper, price, $2.50, for................... $5.50     |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine of paper, price $4, for  $7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P. O. Box, 2783, NEW YORK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       OEPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Single Copies, for Sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from this |
  |   office, free,) Ten Cents. Subscription for One Year, one   |
  |              copy, with $2 Chromo Premium, $4.               |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one |
  |    who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the    |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |           P. O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau St., New York            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

GEO. W. WHEAT & CO, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.









End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 1, No. 26, September
24, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 1, NO. 26 ***

***** This file should be named 10034.txt or 10034.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/3/10034/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 27, October 1, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 27, October 1, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10035]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 2, NO. 27 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      We will Mail Free                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           A COVER                            |
  |                                                              |
  |           Lettered & Stamped, with New Title Page            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FOR BINDING                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                        FIRST VOLUME,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   On Receipt of 50 Cents,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                            OR THE                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   TITLE PAGE ALONE, FREE,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      On application to                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |     These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and     |
  | cheaper than any other Pen in the market. Special attention  |
  |  is called to the following grades, as being better suited   |
  |     for business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The     |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

Vol II.  No. 27


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, OCTOBER 1, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.


See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |             The first volume of PUNCHINELLO--the             |
  |           only first-class, original, illustrated,           |
  |             humorous and satirical weekly paper              |
  |            published in this country--ending with            |
  |                 No. 26, September 24, 1870,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Bound in Extra Cloth,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |            will be ready for delivery on Oct. 1,             |
  |                            1870.                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Sent postpaid to any part of the United            |
  |                 States on receipt of price.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |              A copy of the paper for one year,               |
  |              from October 1st, No. 27, and the               |
  |             Bound Volume, (the latter prepaid,)              |
  |          will be sent to any subscriber for $5.50.           |
  |                                                              |
  |             Three copies for one year, and three             |
  |             Bound Volumes, with an extra copy of             |
  |             Bound Volume, to any person sending              |
  |              us three subscriptions for $16.50.              |
  |                                                              |
  |               One copy of paper for one year,                |
  |                 with a fine chromo premium,                  |
  |                     for- - - - -  $4.00                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |             Back numbers can always be supplied,             |
  |                as the paper is electrotyped.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |            Book canvassers will find this volume             |
  |                              a                               |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |              Orders supplied at a very liberal               |
  |                          discount.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              All remittances should be made in               |
  |                     Post Office orders.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Canvassers wanted for the paper                |
  |               everywhere. Send for our Special               |
  |                          Circular.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     83 NASSAU ST., N. Y.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      P.O. Box No. 2783.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       JOHN NICKINSON,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ROOM No. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                 No. 83 Nassau Street, N. Y.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                The Weekly Numbers for August,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEYILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 Bowling Green Savings-Bank,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent Interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  HENRY SMITH, _President_.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_.                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 A NEW AND MUCH-NEEDED BOOK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MATERNITY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A POPULAR TREATISE                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 For Young Wives and Mothers                  |
  |                                                              |
  |      BY T. S. VERDI, A. M., M. D., OF WASHINGTON, D. C.      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Dr. VERDI is a well-known and successful Homoeopathic     |
  |   Practitioner, of thorough scientific training and large    |
  | experience. His book has arisen from a want felt in his own  |
  |   practice, as a Monitor to Young Wives, a Guide to Young    |
  | Mothers, and an assistant to the family physician. It deals  |
  | skilfully, sensibly, and delicately with the perplexities of |
  |   early married life, as connected with the holy duties of   |
  | Maternity, giving information which women must have, either  |
  |  in conversation with physicians, or from such a source as   |
  |    this--evidently the preferable mode of learning, for a    |
  |  delicate and sensitive woman. Plain and intelligible, but   |
  |  without offense to the most fastidious taste, the style of  |
  |  this book must commend it to careful perusal. It treats of  |
  | the needs, dangers, and alleviations of the time of travail; |
  |  and gives extended detailed instructions for the care and   |
  | medical treatment of infants and children throughout all the |
  |                    perils of early life.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  As a Mother's Manual, it will hare a large sale, and as a   |
  |  book of special and reliable information on very important  |
  |            topics, it will be heartily welcomed.             |
  |                                                              |
  |   Handsomely printed on laid paper: bevelled boards, extra   |
  |        English cloth, 12mo., 450 pages. Price $2.25.         |
  |                                                              |
  |  _For sale by all Booksellers, or will be sent post-paid on  |
  |                   receipt of the price by_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                J. B. FORD & CO., Publishers,                 |
  |                    39 Park Row, New York.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          The only Journal of its kind in America!!           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    The American Chemist:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A MONTHLY JOURNAL                       |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |            THEORETICAL, ANALYTICAL AND TECHNICAL             |
  |                          CHEMISTRY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |          DEVOTED ESPECIALLY TO AMERICAN INTERESTS.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                          EDITED BY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         Chas. F. Chandler, Ph. D., & W. H. Chandler.         |
  |                                                              |
  |   The Proprietors and publishers of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST,    |
  |   having purchased the subscription list and stock of the    |
  |    American reprint of THE CHEMICAL NEWS, have decided to    |
  |  advance the interests of American Chemical Science by the   |
  |     publication of a Journal which shall be a medium of      |
  | communication for all practical, thinking experimenting, and |
  |     manufacturing scientific men throughout the country.     |
  |                                                              |
  |     The columns of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST are open for the     |
  | reception of original articles from any part of the country, |
  | subject to approval of the editor. Letters of inquiry on any |
  |   points of interest within the scope of the Journal will    |
  |                  receive prompt attention.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     THE AMERICAN CHEMIST                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Is a Journal of especial interest to             |
  |                                                              |
  |           SCHOOLS AND MEN OF SCIENCE, TO COLLEGES,           |
  |             APOTHECARIES, DRUGGISTS, PHYSICIANS              |
  |               ASSAYERS, DYERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS,                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |          And all concerned in scientific pursuits.           |
  |                                                              |
  |          Subscription, $5.00 per annum, in advance;          |
  |         50 cts. per number. Specimen copies, 25 cts.         |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address WILLIAM BALDWIN & CO.,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Publishers and Proprietors.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                 434 Broome Street, New York.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing     |
  |     Houses, can have the same forwarded by inclosing two     |
  |                           stamps.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

PREFACE

"HALF a year, half a year, half a year onward," has PUNCHINELLO advanced
since he wafted his first number to the four quarters of the globe.

His road has not been a very easy one to travel.

Bad characters lurked behind the fences, from which they would sometimes
take a sneak shot at the Showman as he passed. These fellows were
awfully bad shots, though, never so much as hitting the van in which the
show travels. PUNCHINELLO'S return fire always set the scamps
a-scampering, and all they had for their pains was the loss of their
ammunition, and the discovery that the row kicked up by them had
attracted crowds of people to the spot, so that PUNCHINELLO'S show was
capitally advertised by their noise.

PUNCHINELLO'S First Volume, then, is a substantial fact. It is an
entirely new, original, and complete article, which no family should be
without.

Read what the New York _Moon that Shines for All_ says about it:

"Put a head on yourself by reading PUNCHINELLO, Vol. 1. It is by far the
best tonic bitters in the market. It cured the editor of this paper of a
very malignant attack, (made by himself on PUNCHINELLO,) after three
applications."

Several gentle critics predicted an early death for PUNCHINELLO on
account of the buff color selected by him for his full dress costume.
Ha! ha! gentlemen, many a blow falls harmless on the wearer of a
buff-jerkin. As the old poet, whose name we have forgotten, might have
said, had he been in the humor--"He who will cuff it, Eke should buff
it,"--a maxim to which PUNCHINELLO gives his cordial adhesion.

And now comes PUNCHINELLO to the beginning of his Second Volume,
encouraged by the success of his First.

If Vol. I of PUNCHINELLO was a _Chassepot_, (and it _did_ make some
havoc in the ranks of the enemy,) Vol. II is intended to be a
_mitrailleuse_. It will be so arranged as to combine total annihilation
with bewitching music. For instance, by turning one of the cranks by
which it is worked, PUNCHINELLO will be able to project a shower of such
mortiferous missiles against all abettors of crime and vice, all quacks,
political and social, all corrupt officials, all Congress, (except the
Right Party,) all torpid fogies and peddlers of red tape, all humbugs of
every size and shape, in fact, as will speedily reduce them to ashes.
Then, by skilfully manipulating the other crank, he can produce from it
strains of such mellifluous harmony that the very telegraph-poles will
throng around him, as erstwhile did the trees of the forest around
ORPHEUS, and tender their services for the transmission of his melting
music to all the beautiful places on Earth. It is hardly necessary to
say that "Hail Columbia" is the very first tune on the cylinder of
PUNCHINELLO'S musical _mitrailleuse_.

With his mind's eye, (an apparatus expressly constructed for and fitted
to his mental organization by a renowned necromancer,) PUNCHINELLO sees
his Public surging towards him, and grasping with outstretched hands at
the showers of _bon bons_ with which he plentifully supplies them from
an inexhaustible casket.

Among them are thousands of familiar forms, and these are mostly in the
front. After these come several thousands of new forms, all pressing
forward upon the heels of the others with an eagerness that augurs for
PUNCHINELLO Vol II a tremendous and unparalleled success. Each of these
good people carries four dollars ($4) in his right hand, which he waves
at PUNCHINELLO, who affably accepts the greenbacks from him when within
proper distance, and then, dipping his pen in ink without a drop of gall
in it, books the donor for a year's subscription in advance.

As for party, PUNCHINELLO knows but one party--and that is the Right
Party. Stirring times are before us. The Right Party is not going to lie
down and sleep while the times are stirring. Nor is PUNCHINELLO. When
anything that interests the Right Party has got to be stirred,
PUNCHINELLO will be on hand. He has been so long used to starring it,
that he makes light of stirring it. He can stir with a red-hot poker and
he can stir with a feather,--"You pays your money and you takes your
choice."

And now, having stirred the spirit within him to a demonstrative pitch,
PUNCHINELLO shies his cocked hat into space, and calls upon his Public
to give three rousing cheers for the

RIGHT PARTY.


       *       *       *       *       *

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Office of the Librarian of
Congress at Washington.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XX.

AN ESCAPE.

The bewildered Flowerpot had no sooner gained her own room, enjoyed her
agitated expression of face in the mirror, and tried four differently
colored ribbon-bows upon her collar in succession, than the thought of
becoming Mr. BUMSTEAD'S bride lost the charm of its first wild novelty,
and became utterly ridiculous. He was a man of commanding stature, which
his linen "duster" made appear still more long; the dark circles around
his eyes would disappear in time, and he had an abusive way of referring
to women which made him inexpressibly grand to women as a true
poet-soul; but would it be safe, would it be religiously right, for a
young girl, not yet conscious of her own full power of annual monetary
expenditure, to blindly risk her necessary expenses for life upon one
whom the cost of a single imported bonnet, in the contingency of a
General European War, might plunge into inextricable pecuniary
embarrassment? Possibly, the General European War might not occur in an
ordinary married-lifetime, as France was no longer in a condition to
menace England, Russia would be wary about provoking the new Prussian
giant, and Austria and Italy were not likely soon to forget their last
military misadventures; yet, while all the great American journals had,
for the last twenty years, published daily editorials, by young writers
from the country, to show that such a War could not possibly be averted
longer than about the day after tomorrow, would it be judicious for a
young girl to marry as though that War were absolutely impossible? No!
Her woman's heart sternly reiterated the pitilessly negative; and, as
the Ritualistic organist had plainly evinced an earnest intention to let
no foreign military complications prevent her marriage with him, she
felt that her only safety from his matrimonial violence must be sought
in flight.

With whom, though, could she take refuge? If she went to MAGNOLIA
PENDRAGON, all her dearest schoolmates would say, that they had always
loved her, despite her great faults, yet could not disguise from
themselves that she seemed at last to be fairly running after Miss
PENDRAGON'S brother. Besides, Mr. BUMSTEAD, offended by the seeming want
of confidence in him evinced by her flight, would, probably, take
measures publicly to identify MAGNOLIA'S alpaca garment with the
covering of his lost umbrella, and thus direct new suspicion against a
sister and brother already bothered almost into hysterics.

During the last few weeks, an attack of dyspepsia had laid the
foundation of a mind in the Flowerpot, as it generally does in other
young female American boarding-school thinkers, and she was now capable
of that subtle line of reasoning which is the great commendation of her
sex to a recognized perfect intellectual equality with man. Once
decided, by her apprehension of a General European War, against marriage
with J. BUMSTEAD, she took a rather irritable view of that too
attractive devotional musician, and inferred, from his not being wealthy
enough to stand the test of possible transatlantic hostilities, that he
must, himself, have killed EDWIN DROOD. His umbrella, it was well known,
had been present at that fatal Christmas dinner; and a thoughtless
insult offered to it, even by his nephew, might have made a demon of
him. Suppose that EDWIN, upon returning to the dining-room that night,
after his temporary exercise in the open air with MONTGOMERY PENDRAGON,
had found his uncle, flushed with cloves, endeavoring to force a social
glass of lemon tea upon the umbrella, under the impression that it was a
person, and had unthinkingly accused him thereat of being momentarily
unsettled in his faculties? Probably, then, hot words would have passed
between them; each telling the other that he would have a nice headache
in the morning and find it impossible not to look very sleepy even if he
fixed his hair ever so elaborately. Blows might have followed: the
uncle, in his anger, hewing the nephew limb from limb with the carving
knife from the table, and subsequently carrying away the remains to the
Pond and there casting them in. Suppose, in his natural excitement, the
uncle had hurriedly used the umbrella, opened and held downward, to
carry the remains in; and, after coming home again, and snatching a nap
under the table, had forgotten all about it, and thus been ever since
inconsolable for his alpaca loss? As the young orphan argued thus
exhaustively to herself, the extreme probability of her suppositions
made her more and more frenzied to fly instantly beyond the reach of one
who, in the event of a General European War, would not be a husband whom
her head could approve.

After penning a hasty farewell note to Miss CAROWTHERS, to the effect
that urgent military reasons obliged her to see her guardian at once,
FLORA lost no time in packing a small leather satchel for travel. Two
bottles of hair oil, a jar of glycerine, one of cold cream, two boxes of
powder, a package of extra back-hair, a phial of belladonna, a
camel's-hair brush for the eyebrows, a rouge-saucer for pinking the
nails, four flasks of perfumery, a depilatory in a small flagon, and
some tooth paste, were the only articles she could pause to collect for
her precipitate escape; and, with them in the satchel on her arm, and a
bonnet and shawl hurriedly thrown on, she stole away down-stairs, and
thus from the house.

Hastening to the Roach House, from whence started an omnibus for the
ferry, she was quickly rattling out of Bumsteadville in a vehicle
remarkable for the great number and variety of noises it could make when
maddened into motion by a span of equine rivals in an immemorial
walking-match.

"Now, BONNER," she said to the driver, taking leave of him at the
ferry-boat, "be sure and let Miss CAROWTHERS know that you saw me safely
off, and that I was not a bit more tired than if I had walked all the
way."

Blushing with pleasure at the implied compliment to his equipage from
such lips, the skilled horseman had not the heart to object to the
wildly mutilated fragment of currency with which his fare had been paid,
and went back to where his steeds were taking turns in holding each
other up, as happy a man as ever lost money by the change in woman.

Reaching the city, Miss POTTS was promptly worshiped by a hackman of
marked conversational powers, who, whip in hand, assured her that his
carriage was widely celebrated under the titles of the "Rocking Chair,"
the "Old Shoe," and the "Glider," on account of its incredible ease of
motion; and that, owing to its exquisite abbreviation of travel to the
emotions, those who rode in it had actually been known to dispute that
they had ridden even half the distance for which they were charged. Did
he know where Mr. DIBBLE, the lawyer, lived, in Nassau Street, near
Fulton? If she meant lawyer DIBBLE, near Fulton Street, in Nassau, next
door but one to the second house below, and directly opposite the
building across the way, there was just one span of buckskin horses in
the city that could take a carriage built expressly for ladies to that
place, as naturally as though it were a stable. It was a place that
he--the hackman--always associated with his own mother, because he was
so familiar with it in childhood, and had often thought of driving to it
blindfolded for a wager.

Proud to learn that her guardian was so well known in the great city,
and delighted that she had met a charioteer so minutely familiar with
his house of business, FLORA stepped readily into the providential hack,
which thereupon instantly began Rocking-Chair-ing, Old-Shoe-ing, and
Gliding. Any one of these celebrated processes, by itself, might have
been desirable; but their indiscriminate and impetuous combination in
the present case gave the Flowerpot a confused impression that her whole
ride was a startling series of incessant sharp turns around obdurate
street corners, and kept her plunging about like an early young
Protestant tossed in a Romish blanket. Instinctively holding her satchel
aloft, to save its fragile contents from fracture, she rocked, shoed and
glided all over the interior of the vehicle, without hope of gaining
breath enough for even one scream, until, nearly unconscious, and, with
her bonnet driven half-way into her chignon, she was helped out by the
hackman at her guardian's door.

"I am dying!" she groaned.

"Then please remember me in your will, to the extent of two dollars,"
returned the hackman with much humor. "You're only a little sea-sick,
miss; as often happens to people in humble circumstances when they ride
in a kerridge for the first time."

Still panting, Miss POTTS paid and discharged this friendly man, and,
weariedly entering the building, followed the signs up-stairs to her
guardian's office.

After knocking several times at the right door without reply, she turned
the knob, and entered so softly that the venerable lawyer was not
aroused from the slumber into which he had fallen in his chair by the
window. With a copy of _Putnam's Magazine_ still grasped in his honest
right hand, good Mr. DIBBLE slept like a drugged person; nor could the
young girl awaken him until, by a happy inspiration, she had snatched
away the monthly and cast it through the casement.

"Am I dreaming?" exclaimed the aged man, when thus suddenly rescued from
his deadly lethargy at last "Is that you, my dear; or are you your late
mother?"

"I am your ridiculously unhappy ward," answered the Flowerpot,
tremulously. "Oh, poor, dear, absurd EDDY!"

"And you have come here all alone?"

"Yes; and to escape being married to EDDY'S perfectly hateful uncle, who
has the same as ordered me to become his utterly disgusted bride. Oh,
why is it, why is it, that I must be thus persecuted by young men
without property! Why is it that perfectly horrid madmen on salaries are
allowed to claim me as their own!"

"My dear," cried the old lawyer, leading her to a chair, and striving to
speak soothingly, "if Mr. BUMSTEAD desires to marry you he must indeed
be insane. Such a man ought really to be confined," he continued, pacing
thoughtfully up and down the room. "This must have been the idea that
was already turning his brain when--bless my soul!--he actually
intimated, first, that I, and then, that Mr. SIMPSON, had killed his
nephew!"

"He thinks, now, that I, or MAGNOLIA PENDRAGON, may have done it,--the
hateful creature!" said FLORA, passionately.

"I see, I see," assented Mr. DIBBLE, nodding. "When he has you in his
head, my dear, he himself must clearly be out of it. You shall stay here
and take tea with me, and then I will take you to FRENCH'S Hotel for
your accommodation during the night."

It was a sight to see him tenderly help her off with her bonnet; and
suggestive to hear him say, that if a man could only take off his brains
as easily as a woman hers, what a relief it would be to him
occasionally. It was curious to see him peep into her bottle-filled
satchel, with an old man's freedom; and to hear him audibly wonder
thereat, whether, after all, men were any more addicted than women to
the social glass when they wanted to put a better face on affairs. And,
after the waiter bringing him toast and tea from a neighboring
restaurant had brought an additional slice and cup for the guest, it was
pleasant to behold him smiling across the office-table at that guest,
and encouraging her to eat as much as she would if a member of his sex
were not looking.

"It must be absurdly ridiculous to stay here all alone, as you do, sir,"
observed FLORA.

"But I am not always alone," answered Mr. DIBBLE. "My clerk, Mr.
BLADAMS, now taking a vacation in the country, is generally here though,
to be sure, I may lose him before long. He's turned literary."

"How perfectly frightful!" said Miss POTTS.

"He has set up for a genius, my child, and is now engaged upon a great
American novel. Discontented with the law, he is giving great attention
to this; but Free Trade will not, I am afraid, allow any American
publisher to bring it out."

"Free Trade?" repeated FLORA.

"Yes, my dear, Free Trade; that is, while American publishers can steal
foreign novels for nothing, they are not going to pay anything for
native fiction."

Yawning behind her hand, the Flowerpot murmured something about Free
Trade being positively absurd, and her guardian went on:

"Nevertheless, Mr. BLADAMS is going on-with his work, which he calls
'The Amateur Detective;' and if it ever does come out you shall have a
copy.--But, by the by," added the lawyer, suddenly, "you have not yet
fully described to me the interview in which poor Mr. EDWIN'S uncle
offered to become your husband."

She gave him a full history of the Ritualistic organist's handsome offer
to her of his H. and H.; adding her own final decision in the matter as
precipitated by the possibility of a General European war; and Mr.
DIBBLE heard the whole with an air of studious attention.

"Although I have certainly no particular reason for befriending Mr.
BUMSTEAD," said he, reflectively, "I shall take measures to keep him
from you. Now come with me to FRENCH'S Hotel. To-morrow I will call
there for you, you know, and then, perhaps, you may be taken to see your
friend, Miss PENDRAGON."

Having obtained for his ward a room in the hotel named, and seen her
safely to its shelter, the good old lawyer visited the bar-room of the
establishment, for the purpose of ascertaining whether any evil-disposed
person could get in through that way for the disturbance of his fair
charge. After which he departed for his home in Gowanus.

(_To be Continued.)

       *       *       *       *       *

MOTTO FOR ALL GOOD CUBANS.--"The labor we delight in physics (S)pain."

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

Punctually as announced, the FIFTH AVENUE THEATRE has re-opened. It has
been improved by the addition of several private boxes that remind one
of the square pews in old-fashioned churches, (by the way, why do
Puseyites object to pews?) and by the erection of a hydrant near the
conductor's seat, so that when the audience can endure STOEPEL'S music
no longer, they can turn on the water and drown him and his long-winded
orchestra. This latter improvement meets with our hearty approval, and
we earnestly hope to see it put to the excellent use for which it is
designed without further delay. Manager DALY is now offering to his
patrons the new comedy of _Man and Wife_. The old-fashioned play of that
name, which is daily acted everywhere about us, is usually more of a
tragedy than a comedy, but Mr. DALY'S _Man and Wife_ is comedy, farce,
muscular christianity, and paralysis pleasantly mingled together. As
thus:

ACT I.--GEOFFREY DELAMAYN _and his brother are seen conversing in an
arbor. (Don't let the printer imagine that I mean Ann Arbor. It was bad
enough in_ WILKIE COLLINS _to banish his dramatis personae to Scotland;
but he was nevertheless too humane to send them to Michigan_.)

JULIUS DELAMAYN. "GEOFFREY, you really must do something. The unmannerly
people who are just coming into the theatre make such a noise that I
couldn't be heard if I took the trouble to preach to you for an hour, so
I won't attempt to make my meaning any clearer."

GEOFFREY. "I will or I won't, I forget which. However, the audience
can't hear. We've got a pretty good house here to-night I wonder if my
muscles really show to any extent. Here comes LADY LUNDIE and her
friends."

LADY LUNDIE. "I choose everybody to play croquet on my side. The rest
may play on BLANCHE'S side. Miss SYLVESTER, you look as if you could not
stand alone. Therefore I order you to play."

ANNIE SYLVESTER. "Madame, I will. GEOFFREY, meet me here in ten minutes,
or you'll be sorry for it." (Exit everybody. ANNIE and GEOFFREY
returning on tip-toe.)

ANNIE. "You must marry me this afternoon. Meet me at the inn on the
moor."

GEOFFREY. "I won't cross the moor with you. DESDEMONA foolishly crossed
the Moor, and came to grief in consequence. I take warning by her. I
hate you, but I suppose I must marry you, or you'll sell all my letters
to the _Sun_."--(_They go out to be married_.)

ARNOLD _enters and makes love to_ BLANCHE. SIR PATRICK _does the comic
business with_ LEWIS'S _usual humor_. (_What a nice man_ LEWIS _must be
for girls to quarrel with; he "makes up" so nicely--this is a joke_.)
LADY LUNDIE _enters and announces that_ ANNIE _is no longer her
governess, that misguided person having thrown up her situation, for the
irrational reason that it was an interesting one, and having fled in the
silence of the after-dinner hour. Shrieks of horror from the young
ladies, who desist from knocking their croquet-balls into the orchestra
and the proscenium boxes; and triumphant falling of a new act-drop_.
STOEPEL, _having thought of a sweet passage for the fife, in a Chinese
opera, plays it uninterruptedly for forty-five minutes. A deaf old
gentleman approvingly remarks that this is really classical music_.

ACT II.--_A storm at the inn on the Moor_. Miss SYLVESTER _waits for
her_ GEOFFREY _and her tea. Enter_ ARNOLD.

ARNOLD. " GEOFFREY can't come, so he has sent me. I know your situation,
and shall have to feel for you if it gets much darker and they don't
bring candles. That is, if I'm to shake hands with you. I have told
everybody here that you are my wife. Let's have a little game of
seven-up, and pass the time profitably."

ANNIE. "Oh, villain (I mean GEOFFREY,) you have de-ser-er-erted me. Oh,
rash young person, (I mean you, ARNOLD,) I'm inclined to think that
you've married me by Scotch law, without having meant it. If so, you'll
have to go to America and see BEECHER about a divorce." (_Curtain
subsequently falls, and_ STOEPEL _orders the big drum to beat for an
hour, while the musicians take advantage of the noise to tune their
instruments.) Deaf old gentleman remarks again that he does like_
WAGNER'S _music. Half the audience hold their ears, while the other half
flee madly away until the entr' acte is over_.

ACT III.--GEOFFREY _boxes with his trainer, and slings Indian clubs and
wooden dumb-bells_.

GEOFFREY. "There! Thank heaven I didn't break anything. The scenery, the
footlights, or a bloodvessel will get broken before the week is out,
however, if this prize-ring business isn't cut out. Here comes ARNOLD."

ARNOLD. "How's Miss SYLVESTER?"

GEOFFREY. "If you say anything more about her, I'll put a head on you.
She's your wife. You're a married man."

ARNOLD. "_Married_! You infamous editor of a two cent daily paper; I
deny it. (_Curtain again falls, and_ STOEPEL _plays the entire opera of_
ERNANI _for two hours. Deaf old gentleman remarks that music is the_
STOEPEL _entertainment at this theatre, and that he really likes it. The
rest of the audience look at him with horror, as though he were a sort
of aggravated and superfluous cannibal_.)

ACT IV.--_Sir_ PATRICK _proves that_ GEOFFREY _is married to_ ANNIE,
_and that_ ARNOLD _isn't_. GEOFFREY _takes his weeping wife home with
him. Everybody finds out that_ GEOFFREY _is an enormous liar and an
unmitigated blackguard. Through the open windows are seen the editors of
the Sun and the Free Press, each determined to be the first to offer_
GEOFFREY _a place on the staff of his respective journal. The curtain
falls and_ STOEPEL _directs each member of the orchestra to play the
tune that he may like best. After three hours of this sort of thing a
humane person in the audience brings in a saw and begins to file it. The
rest of the audience are thereupon gently lulled to sleep by the music
of the file--so soft and soothing does it sound by contrast with_
STOEPEL'S _demoniac orchestra._

ACT V.--ANNIE, _in the midst of misery and a gorgeous silk dress with
lace trimmings, is seen going to bed in her best clothes, and without
taking her hair down--this being the well-known custom among fashionably
dressed girls_. GEOFFREY _enters and attempts to strangle her, but she
is awakened by the considerate forethought of a dumb woman, who loudly
calls her, and_ GEOFFREY _conveniently lies down and dies of paralysis.
All the rest of the dramatis personae enter, and indulge in exclamations
of joy. The curtain falls for the last time, and_ STOEPEL _is removed
under the protection of a strong platoon of policemen, to the secret
abode where_ DALY _keeps him hidden during the day from the wrath of an
outraged public_.

And the undersigned goes home to breakfast--it being now nearly 6
A.M.--reflecting upon the beauty of the theatre, the neatness of the
scenery, the general ability of the actors, the capabilities of the
play, (after Mr. DALY shall have cut it down to a reasonable length,)
the pluck of the young manager, and the unredeemed badness of the
orchestra, as it is conducted by Mr. STOEPEL. Tell me, gentle DALY,
tell; why in the name of all that is intelligent, do you let STOEPEL
transform each _entr' acte_ at your theatre into a prolonged purgatory,
by the villainous way in which he plays the most execrable music, for
the most intolerable periods of time?

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

L. N. IN PRUSSIA.

        Yes, I am quite upset;
        In fact, I'm dizzy yet
    With all that rapid riding, day and night;
        But still, two things I see;
        They've made an end of Me,
    And blown the Empire higher than a kite!

        Yes, here I am, at last--
        And all my dreams are past.
    didn't think to enter Prussia thus!
        Confound that "Vorwarts" man!
        When first the war began
    He seemed as logy as an omnibus.

        Faugh! smell the Sweitzer Kaise!
        The same in every place, eh?
    How these big Germans love an ugly stench!
        My! what a taste they've got
        For articles that rot;
    And can it be, they live so near the French?

        I'm in a pretty nest!
        And, worse than all the rest,
    Is thinking how I got here; there's the rub.
        When I have mused awhile
        On all my luck, so vile,
    I almost wish they'd hit me with a club!

        It's very well to say--
        "I might have won the day,
    If things had only gone this way or that;"
        I should have _made_ them go,
        And let these Germans know
    That _they_ must go, too! or be cut down flat.

        They didn't go, it seems;
        Except 'twas in my dreams!
    And, consequently, I must bid good bye
        To titles, power and state,
        Which I enjoyed of late,
    And curse my dismal fate--poor Louis and I!

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLYMOUTH ROCK.

The fact of his having relinquished (at the imperative demand of
society) his weekly visits to the watering places, need lead no one to
believe that Mr. PUNCHINELLO does not like a little fresh air. And
surely a half a day or so by the seaside need jeopardize no one's social
standing if the thing is not repeated too often. At least so thought Mr.
P., and he determined, one fine morning last week, that he would hurry
up his business as fast as possible, and take a trip on Col. FISK'S
steamboat to Sandy Hook. A man calling with a bundle of puns detained
him so long that he found that he would not be able to reach the 11 A.M.
boat without he made unusual haste.

Rushing into the street, therefore, he hailed a passing hack, and
ordered the driver to take him, as quickly as possible, to the Plymouth
Rock.

When the carriage stopped, and the man opened the door, Mr. P. rubbed
his eyes, for he had fallen into a doze, on the way, and sprang hastily
out.

But what a sight met his gaze!

Before him was the hack, covered with mud and dust, and the horses in a
position indicating utter exhaustion: to his right lay a huge
unsymmetrical stone, while behind him rolled the heaving waters of Cape
Cod bay! The man had mistaken his directions, and had driven him to JOHN
CARVER'S old Plymouth Rock in Massachusetts, instead of JAMES FISK Jr.'s
steamboat at Pier 28, North River.

"There's the rock, yer honor," said the man, pointing to the mis-shapen
stone, "and an awful time I've had a drivin' yer honor to it."

"How long have you been, coming here?" asked the astounded Mr. P.

"Nigh on to three days, yer honor, and I drove as fast as I could,
hopin' to get back by the Sunday in time for the Centhral Park, but I
had to stop sometimes for feed and wather, and it's no use me whippin'
up afther all, for sorra the good them horses will be for the Centhral
Park on the Sunday."

"And how much do I owe you for all this?" asked Mr. P.

"Well, sir," said the man, "I won't charge your honor nothin' for the
feed and my victuals, for I'd had to have found them if yer hadn't a
hired me; and I'll only charge ye three dollars a hour, for sure yer
honor never give me the least thruble, slapeing there as swate as an
infant all the time, and that'll be jist two hundred and four dollars,
and if yet honor could give me a thrifle besides to drink yer health,
I'd be obliged to yer honor."

Mr. P. gazed alternately at the man, the carriage, the horses, and the
rock, and then he paid the driver two hundred and four dollars and
twenty-five cents. The worthy Milesian pocketed the money and declared
his intention of proceeding to Boston, which was only about forty miles
away, and taking the railroad for New York

"If I don't, ye see, yer honor, I'll never get back in time for the
Sunday; and the horses will be restin' in the cars."

As the man made his preparations and departed, Mr. P. stood and watched
him until he slowly faded out of sight.

When he had entirely disappeared, Mr. P. sat down upon the rock and
reflected. Now that he was here, what had he best do? He had never seen
the rock before, and as it struck him that possibly some of his patrons
might be in the same unfortunate condition, he concluded that he would
take a few sketches of it for their benefit. But he did not succeed very
well. The first drawing he made had a strange appearance. It looked more
like an old woman tied to a post, and surrounded by what seemed to be
flames, than anything else. This surely was not a correct view of this
famous rock, and so Mr. P. commenced another sketch. This, however,
looked so much like a man with a broad-brimmed hat, hanging by his neck
to a rope, that he concluded to try again.

His next sketch bore a striking resemblance to something that certainly
did not seem like a rock, but which, after some deliberation, he found
to look very much like a shrinking Southern negro, forced into the ranks
to supply the place of a citizen of Massachusetts. Everybody might not
be able to see this, but Mr. P. thought he perceived it plainly.

The last sketch made by Mr. P. somewhat resembled one whose connection
with "The Plymouth Rock" has certainly been of more practical benefit to
the public than that of any of the " old founders," or anybody else--at
least so far as Mr. P. can see. If any one doubts this, let him ask
General GRANT.

Now should his readers see anything at all suggestive of sober and
beneficial reflection in these sketches, Mr. P.'s visit to Plymouth Rock
was not made in vain.

       *       *       *       *       *

A LETTER FROM L. N.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: The Empire is Peace, as usual. If, some time hence, it
should be discovered to have been otherwise, at the time of writing this
letter, you will please understand that I wasn't there, at that moment,
having had a little business to transact with my good friend WILLIAMS,
of PRUSSIA. I am at present engaged upon a tour of the German States in
the company of a pleasant little excursion party, who met me at Sedan,
and received me warmly.

Everybody seems glad to greet me, particularly at this time, and all
express regrets that I couldn't have come earlier in the season. They
are aware of the interest I have ever felt in the great German people,
and I am assured they welcome with enthusiasm my pet theory of the
solidarity of nations.

I intend remaining here awhile, feeling sure that there is nothing to
call me homeward for the present. The truth is, my friend, I am getting
weaned of the French people. So soon as my obligations to my very good
friends in Prussia will permit, you may look for me in New York. Yes,
dear PUNCHINELLO, greatest and beet of Philosophers! expect to see me
walking into your Sanctum one of these fine mornings,--probably with my
son LOUIS,--delighted to see you, and glad to turn my back on those
scenes so long familiar, which, in their new and popular dress, could
hardly be expected to afford me much exhilaration.

From an inferior man, I should expect officious and quite gratuitous
commiseration over the fate of the late Empire. You, however, will
readily perceive it to be possible that I should rather be
congratulated. You would not exchange your dignified leisure, your
careless toils, for the best of sovereignties. Why, then, should I, who
have made you my exemplar, feel a pang at parting with a sceptre which
for years has only tired my hand?

I picture myself seated with my family on the heights at Weehawken,
smoking a good cigarette, and musing on the affairs of nations as I
watch the flow of that superb river (as much finer than the Rhine, my
friend, as wine is finer than lagerbier!) which I have often, in days
gone by, admired and extolled by the hour.

I expect they will pleasantly call me Duke Hudson, and my son the Prince
of Staten Island. No matter. I can always face the Inevitable.

And that reminds me of the late war, in which the Inevitable that I was
always being called upon to face, was the Inevitable Prussian. But I
have faced much more terrible things. In your very city of Hoboken, I
have stood face to face with a German creditor! Will any one henceforth
doubt my fortitude?

I have one rather comforting reflection, apropos to that _rencontre._ I
have taken care to arm myself against future assaults of that nature. I
am Gold-Plated.

If your highly-gifted corps of artists should wish to depict me in a
connection which would satisfy my sense of honor, let them make a sketch
entitled: "The Two Exiles,"--one of whom may be,my Uncle at St. Helena;
the other, me, at Weehawken, with my family near, a glass of wine at my
side, a cigarette in one hand, and a copy of PUNCHINELLO in the other!

But let me not anticipate. Sufficient unto the day is the (d)evil
thereof.

Royally yours,

L. N.

       *       *       *       *       *

Maxim for the next new President.

"A place for everybody, and everybody in his place."

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ON COLOR.

_Cousin Bella, (admiring picture.)_ "HOW IS IT, FRED, THAT YOU PRODUCE
SUCH LOVELY COLOR, AND WITH SO MUCH FACILITY?"

_Fred, (thinking of his meerschaum.)_ "I DON'T TELL EVERYBODY THAT, YOU
INQUISITIVE TEASE, BUT FACT IS, I PUT THE STUMP OF AN OLD PAINT-BRUSH IN
THE BOWL, AND SMOKE THE OILIEST TOBACCO I CAN FIND."]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE BATTLE AT SEDAN.

Special Correspondence of Punchinello.

(This paper is the only paper on the planet which has a correspondent at
the seat of war, wherever that seat may be. The following dispatch was
sent to us by cable at a total expense of $21,000.)

It was a still, calm night, the glorious moon was sailing through the
sky; the river was running water; the clouds were cloudy; the soldiers
were soldiering. I stepped out of my tent and tumbled over VON MOLTKE.
He took my arm and invited me to the tent of the Crown Prince.

"MOLTY," said I, "what's your little game?"

"Penny ante," replied he.

"_Tres bien,_" added I.

"You are a French spy. Ha! ha!" said he, grasping my collar. "Ho! Ho!"

"_Das ish goot,_" added I.

"Then you're Dutch," sighed he, dropping me like a hot pair of tongs.

In the tent we found the King, the Crown Prince, Gen. STEINMETZ, Gen.
SHERIDAN, and Gen. FORSYTH.

"MOLTY," said I, "introduce me to the King."

"BILL," said he, "this is JENKINS."

BILL held out his foot and I took a suck at his great toe.

Then we went at the game. BILL is pretty good at it, but then he doesn't
stand any chance beside MOLTY. The Crown Prince lost at least fourteen
cents, and, just as he had a splendid opportunity to retrieve his
losses, in came an aide, who announced that the French had squatted.

"Where?" cried VON MOLTKE.

"In Sedan," replied the aide.

"I knew it," said MOLTY. "BILL, I told you they had no horses for a
regular carriage."

Then we went out. The King invited me to sit in his carriage with MOLTY
and SHERIDAN. We reached the scene of war.

The moon shone; the mountains were mountainous; the trees were treey;
and the soft September breeze was breezy. BISMARCK came up and asked the
King to let him cut behind.

"BIS," said I, "take my seat; I'll take a trip to the French camp."

So I tripped over to the French camp and found things somewhat mixed.
The moon shone. Steadily the Prussian troops advanced; and, with a
heroism worthy of a better cause, the French retreated. The Emperor
wanted to die in the rear of his men.

"NAP," said I, "you'd better get up and get. The Prussians are coming."

"JENKINS," said he, "kiss me for my mother, I'm betrayed."

"Why didn't you have more cheesepots?" said I.

"I'll surrender," said he, "get out a white flag."

So I took one of EUGENIE'S old pocket-handkerchiefs which I found in the
tent, stuck it on the end of the sabre of the nephew of his uncle, put
NAP in the carriage, jumped in myself and drove to the Prussian camp.
The moon shone; all nature smiled; the rivers were rivery; the Sedans
were chairy.

BILL received us very coolly at first, but I gave BIS the wink, and he
suggested to his Majesty that he'd better take the Emperor prisoner.

"NAP," said BILL, "is the game up?"

"BILL," said NAP, "you've scored the game. I leave my old clothes to the
Regent. I hope she'll like the breeches."

Then he treated to cigarettes, and we all went back to our game of penny
ante. NAP wouldn't join us. He said he'd just been playing a game with
crowns ante and he was busted. We'd hardly got the cards dealt, when
BILL turned to BISMARCK and asked, "I say, BIS, won't you run over and
telegraph to the old woman something about our FRITZ?"

"Let JENKINS go," said BIS.

Of course I assented to the proposition.

"Where the devil is FRITZ?" said BILL.

"Oh, he's been sleeping for the last two hours," said MOLTKE.

"Never mind," said BILL, "telegraph a victory by FRITZ."

So I telegraphed,

"A great victory has been won by our FRITZ. What great things have we
done for ourselves! We'll keep it up, old woman,

(Signed) BILL."

When I reached the tent everybody was asleep. NAP was reclining
gracefully on the breast of BISMARCK, as affectionately as if they were
brothers-in-law. The moon shone; the sky was skyey; the hills were
hilly; and all nature was getting up.

Anybody who says the above did not come over the cable lies, wickedly,
maliciously lies, with intent to deceive. As soon as JACK SMITH'S smack
sails, I'll send you a piece of the cable it came over.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: Mr. Bull: The Sutler of the World]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN TO KONIG WILHELM

He Reviews the Career of a Lunatic. -- A Graduate with Nice Ideas.

KING WILYAM, Most noble Loonatic:

_We gates all der while!_ Accordin' to the Marine Cable, I understand
you've given old BONEY a _slosh on der cope mit der Sweitzer case;_ or
in good plain United States talk, LEWIS NAPOLEON has taken his Umpire,
and shoved it up the spout, without the benefit of Judge or Jewry.

I kinder had an idee that when the now busted up rooler of the Umpire
tackled you, that it would have been a ten dollar greenback in his
panterloons pocket if he had let the contract out on shares to his
nabors.

I've allers heard say that as able-bodied a Loonatic as the French say
you be, could handle any 3 ordinary men, "Be be Jost or Gobler damed,"
to cote from our friend BILLY SHAKESPEER.

We have had evidences here, of the superiority of Loonatics, mor'en
once.

If a man can prove that his upper story is crackt, he can wallop his
wife to his heart's content; and if anybody interferes, he can popp him
off with a six shooter, and the law will stand to his back.

Judges and Jewrys, when tryin' such a man, think he is sum punkins,
while all the illustrated papers stick the celebrated Loonatic's
fotograf onto their first page.

I would like to ask you, if your insanity is of the melon-colic, (this
bein' the season when melons is ripe,) or is it of the _pro temper_
kind?

I shoulden't wonder, between you and I, but that you inherited it from
your illustrous Antsister, FREDERICK the Grate, who was about as sassy a
Loonatic as you can pick up.

What _we_ need just now, and what _we_ have needed for a good while, is
a able-bodied Loonatic to send to England as minister.

With such a crazy Statesman as you be, them 'ere little Alabarmy claims
would have been squared up long ago, or else, if this court knows
herself intimately, the British lion would have been sent off howlin',
with a tin kittle tide to his cordil appendage.

You probly observe, I go heavy on Loonatics. Yes, sir! they are the
"Coming man," the 16th Commandment; or Chinese Coolers can't hold a
candle to 'em.

When a man ups and does something nobody else can do, if they'd bust
their biler tryin', then he is sot down as bein' crazy as a loon by his
jelous nabors.

I haven't heard whether BISMARK'S or FRITZ'S upper storys were shaky, or
not, but there haint the shadder of a dowt in my mind, but what both of
these long headed chaps are madder than GEO. FRANCIS TRAIN any day; and
that the Crown Prints employs his spare time strikin' tragic attitoods,
and repeatin' the follerin well known verses:

    "I am not mad!
    I am not mad!
    But only on my mussle.
    Old NAP'd been glad
    If he and King dad
    Had never got into a tussle."

My object in riting to you, great Conkeror of the man whose son was so
_bully_ at pickin' up _bullocks,_ is to congratulate you.

Speakin' after the manner of men, You are an old Cinnamon bud. Havin'
served my country for 4 years as Gustise of the Peece, you can rely on
my giving a good sound opinion, from which there haint no repeal to a
higher court.

What do you think of my startin' a college here for the purpus of
edicatin' Loonatics?

We've got 3 colliges here, Harvard, 'Ale, and the Electoral College, and
a skalier lot of week-kneed timber than these institutions sometimes
turns out, would make you stick to your stomack to look at.

Stugents are turned out from these asilums with pooty ristocratick idees
into their nozzles.

I once knew a chap who was a gradooate of one of these institutions of
larning,

He was more ristocratick than a retired church deekin'.

When his wife died, he wanted her to look respectable at the funeral, so
he sent to one of his nabors to borrer a silk dress for the corpse to
wear, doorin' the funeral services.

Thinks I, that was shovin' a good thing rather too deep in the ground,
merely for the sake of pilin' on the agony.

However, that's the way of the world; larnin' will stick out, and you
can't atop her.

That son of your'n, FRITZ, is smarter than a 2 year old heifer.

If he haint in that precarious situation which SARY F. NORTON calls
"mummery," and the Onida Community says Amen! to, but which good honest
folks, like you and I, calls married, then I would say that he mite go
further and fare a site wusser, than to come over here and examine my
stock of risin' feminine genders.

Mrs. GREEN, the mother of my dorters, is a woman who understands her biz
as housekeeper, and anybody who gits one of her gals won't be troubled
to death by keepin' a cook to boss 'em around.

Doorin' the prosperous days of Skeensboro, when I was baskin' in the
sunshine of offishal life, and had a politikle ax to grind, MARIAR'S
biled dinners used to fetch Polerticians to their milk, ekal to the way
a big dinner at DELMONICO'S, N.Y., will flop over a New York Alderman.

The surest way of gettin' round a public man, is via his stomack.

    Like ALADIN'S lamp, you can
    By merely givin' a rub,
    Bring around most any man,
    By fillin' him up with grub.

But, most noble cuss of the Realm, I must lay aside my goose quil, and
go and do the family chores. But afore I close this letter let me speak
a word for your noble prisoner, L. NAPOLEON, Esq.

Deal gently with him.

Altho' he plade the wrong card when he pitched into you, recollect the
old maxum:

"Never bute a feller when he is down."

France is better, in a good many respects, for things LEWIS done for
'em.

But he has gone to the shades, and SHAKSPEER aptly says:

    "The evil which men do,
    Lives a darn site longer than
    The evil they don't do."

Which sentiment shode that old SHAKE was a hulsail dealer in human
nater.

Hopin' that in the days of your prosperity, you wont forgit your poor
relations, sich as _mothers-in-law_ and the like, and when they come to
visit you, you wont say:

"Nix cum arous,"

I will dry up.

Ewers anon,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece_

     *     *     *     *     *

THE LOVERS.

In Different Moods and Tenses.

    SALLY SALTER, she was a young teacher, who taught,
    And her friend, CHARLEY CHURCH, was a preacher, who praught;
    Though his enemies called him a screecher, who scraught.

    His heart, when he saw her, kept sinking, and sunk,
    And his eye, meeting hers, began winking, and wunk;
    While she, in her turn, fell to thinking, and thunk.

    He hastened to woo her, and sweetly he wooed,
    For his love grew until to a mountain it grewed,
    And what he was longing to do, then he doed.

    In secret he wanted to speak, and he spoke,
    To seek with his lips what his heart long had soke;
    So he managed to let the truth leak, and it loke.

    He asked her to ride to the church, and they rode;
    They so sweetly did glide, that they both thought they glode,
    And they came to the place to be tied, and were tode.

    Then homeward he said let us drive, and they drove,
    And soon as they wished to arrive, they arrove;
    For whatever he couldn't contrive, she controve.

    The kiss he was dying to steal, then he stole,
    At the feet where he wanted to kneel, there he knole,
    And he said, " I feel better than ever I fole."

    So they to each other kept clinging, and clung,
    While Time his swift circuit was winging, and wung;
    And this was the thing he was bringing, and brung.

    The man SALLY wanted to catch, and had caught--
    That she wanted from others to snatch, and had snaught--
    Was the one that she now liked to scratch, and she scraught

    And CHARLEY'S warm love began freezing, and froze,
    While he took to teasing, and cruelly toze
    The girl he had wished to be squeezing, and squoze.

    "Wretch!" he cried when she threatened to leave him, and left,
    "How could you deceive me, as you have deceft?"
    And she answered, "I promised to cleave, and I've cleft!"

AMOS KEETER

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: A PRETTY IDEA OF MR. VAN LITTLEDRAM: HE TAKES HIS
YOUNGSTER OUT FOR A SAIL, THUS, AND SAVES THE EXPENSE OF A BOAT.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE POEMS OF THE CRADLE.

CANTO VII.

    Tom, Tom the Pipers' son,
    Stole a Pig, and away he run;
    The Pig was eat, and TOM was beat.
    And TOM went roaring down the street.

The above verse immortalizes an event that caused great excitement in
the period in which it occurred, although at the present date it would
not be considered of much account, or cause the smallest ripple on the
glassy calm of our most, sleepy village.

We have progressed beyond being stirred by any little peccadillo such as
the theft of a pig or a sheep, or even a watch or a purse, unless it
contains a large amount, and was taken under the most aggravating
circumstances from ourselves.

A robbery of a bank of a million, when it happens to affect hundreds of
people, or a midnight murder executed with the malignancy of a fiend,
will sometimes stir up the public for a few days, but even that soon
passes out of mind, and society settles back into its imperturbable
apathy, retreating with each wave of excitement still further, and
becoming by degrees proof against being stirred by anything that does
not affect ourselves personally.

Not so, however, in those days of Arcadian simplicity; for the
astounding temerity of the Piper's son, in laying felonious hands on the
property of the village butcher, or baker, caused an excitement second
only to a hanging, or a first-class sensational horror, of later days.

Poor TOM was a deal to be pitied as well as blamed; for although he was
the one who committed the crime, he was not the only one who reaped a
benefit therefrom. But the traditional historian tells us, he was the
only one who was punished therefor; so, while we blame him, let us shed
a tear of sympathy because he alone got the beating, the others the
eating. The scene is graphically described thusly--

    "Tom, Tom the Piper's son,
    Stole a pig, and away he run."

Here we see Tom, the good-for-nothing, standing idly around, listening
to the witching strains of his father's bagpipe, played by the
industrious musician before the doors of the well-to-do villagers, with
the laudable view of obtaining the wherewith to purchase the meat that
both might eat; and while the instrument that has well served its day
and generation is groaning and wheezing under the pressure brought to
bear upon it, TOM'S eyes, roving around from window to door, happen to
light on a beautiful sucking-pig, that reposes in all the innocent
beauty of baby pighood before the open door of a zealous stickler for
human rights.

Alas! TOM is not acquainted with the gentlemanly owner of the
fascinating pig, and he doesn't know how strong his principles are, nor
how far he will go to maintain them.

He gazes enraptured upon the dainty porker, and as he looks, the desire
to own just such a one grows upon him, and soon it becomes a
determination to own that identical one, for never another could equal
that. He looks stealthily around and finds the eyes of all are fixed
upon the musician and his bagpipe. No one notices him, and hailing it as
a happy omen, he pounces upon the coveted quadruped, grasps it tightly
in his hands, and skedaddles.

The music is ended and the crowd disperses. The absence of piggy is
unnoticed till the red-headed urchin whose playmate it is looks around
for the loved companion, of his childish sports, and finds it not. Great
research, amid loud outcries, is made, resulting only in the conviction
that the pet of the family is gone, leaving no trace behind.

TOM, with his prize, exultingly hurries homeward, his heart swelling
with joy at his luck. Like a dutiful son, he rushes to the arms of his
maternal parent and deposits in her capacious lap the dainty prize.
Visions of a luscious supper float through the mind of the female
piperess, as she bestows her motherly benediction upon her thoughtful
son, and proceeds to put into execution the well-conned lesson of
cooking a sucking pig.

Having accomplished the "First get your pig" part, the rest comes easy;
and at night, when the old Piper returns, his olfactories are sainted
with an odor that startles him from his generally despondent mood, and
awakens his curiosity as to the cause of such an unusual flavor from his
usually flavorless abode. He enters and finds a smiling wife and son,
with a smoking pig awaiting his coming. "What next occurred the Poet
tells us in the laconic words

    "The pig was eat."

There was no necessity for describing the way of eating; the fact was
enough. But alas! there is always a dark side to everything, and this
happy family were no exception, The bones were left. They couldn't eat
them, and they didn't own a dog; so they picked them clean and threw
them away. But, "Murder will out," and the tiny bones told their own
tale. The village detective soon coupled the feet of the missing pig
with the unusual occurrence of a heap of bones before the door of the
musician's abode, and by a process of reasoning unknown to the
detectives of the present day, decided that those bones were a pig's
bones--a stolen pig's bones, from the fact that the Piper did not earn
enough to indulge in such luxuries as sucking-pigs. Now who stole the
sucking-pig?

Clearly not Madame Piper, for she was too fat and heavy to have any
light-fingered proclivities.

Clearly not the Piper himself, for he was playing his bagpipe and could
prove an alibi.

There was no one left but TOM. Circumstances pointed him out: he loved
good eating and hated work, and had been noticed gazing upon the charms
of the missing family pet. It was settled, then. TOM was the thief, and
the offender must be punished. But how? Law was too uncertain and
expensive, TOM was too poor to pay for the pig, so it was resolved to
take the worth of it out of him by beating. The poet tells us

    "TOM was beat."

Undoubtedly TOM was glad when they got through, and although he

    "Went roaring down the street,"

it was a matter of rejoicing with him that he had saved his bacon. It
was impossible to get that out through his hide, and they had no stomach
pumps in those days.

       *       *       *       *       *

Scene.--A. City Restaurant.

_Waiter, (to customer, who is winding up his repast_.) "Anything more,
sir?"

_Customer_. "H'm--well--yes; bring me an omelette souffle."

_Waiter_. "Omelet Shoo-fly, sir? Yessir."

(_Exit, humming the popular tune_.)

       *       *       *       *       *

Unintentionally Appropriate.

The Sun tells a very large story of its own circulation, and then
innocently requests the "False Reporting" _Tribune_ to copy it!

       *       *       *       *       *

BY GEORGE!

(_Continued_.)

LAKE GEORGE, Sept 5.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO:--In my last I promised to finish my trip on the Lake
and give you some reliable rumors about the "Rogers' Slide."

I am prepared to do this to-day, in a happy and congratulatory frame of
mind.

I have had breakfast this morning.

When I say this I mean that I have had this morning's breakfast this
morning.

Any one who has achieved so remarkable a success, at this place, can
safely plume himself on his patience and physical endurance.

For instance, this morning, for the first time, I ordered broiled Spring
Chicken.

The waiter gave me a disconsolate look and proceeded to gird up his
loins with a base ball belt.

In a few moments he dashed past the window in hot pursuit of a fowl of
venerable appearance, but of a style of going that would have put to
shame any ostrich that Dr. LIVINGSTONE ever saw.

I asked the head waiter if he called that a _Spring Chicken_?

He said he guessed that chicken could out-Spring any chicken in the
place.

This clears up another great hotel mystery.

The man outflanked this gentle birdling on the eighth time round, in
6.23, which is considered very good indeed, and beats the time of the
late Harvard and Yale "Foul" considerably.

I say "outflanked," because it is not the intention of these sunny
Amendments to put an end to these feathery Dexters immediately, but to
drive them into the ten-pin alley, where they are leisurely bowled to an
untimely end. As, however, pony balls are generally used, and there are
always half a dozen darkies standing around ready to bet that the
chicken won't be killed in forty balls, or sixty, as the case may be,
this part of the process is rather tedious to the guest

Sometimes, when the chicken is not very active, there are not more than
nine or ten-pin feathers left.

Well, the next place the boat stopped at is called "Sabbath Day Point,"
in consequence of ABERCROMBIE having landed there on a Wednesday
morning.

Its name will therefore be considered a joke by such as see the Point.

A gentleman on board informed me that the water was so clear at this
place that one could "see objects when thirty feet from the bottom."

I have thought and thought over this remark, but am unable to see what
one's distance from the bottom has to do with his "seeing objects."

I give it up.

On the opposite side of the Lake is a hill called "Sugar Loaf
Mountain"--because it is a sweet place for loafers, I suppose.

Finally we passed "Rogers' Slide," which is a rocky precipice three
hundred feet high, sloping nearly perpendicularly into the water. A
decidedly unpleasant-looking place for cellar-door practice.

There are a great many romantic traditions about this same ROGERS, who
is regarded by the simple natives as having been an altogether
high-minded and gorgeous character--the fact being that he was one of
those unmitigated old scamps who owe to the accident of having lived in
Revolutionary times, the distinction of being held up to the emulation
of primary schools as a "Patriot Hero." Literally he was simply an
"unmixed evil," fighting only to steal something, and devoting what time
and talent he could spare from his legitimate profession--which was
_seven-up_--to generally bedevilling and encroaching upon the
neighboring Indians.

As an enchroachist he was immense.

The noble red-skins alluded to finally concluded that enough was enough,
and appointed a Special Commission to put a permanent end to the
delicate attentions of the "Marked Back."

This _sobriquet_ they conferred upon him partly on account of the fact
that he usually received his wounds while leaving their immediate
vicinity, and partly because of a peculiar characteristic of the kind of
cards he used.

The Commissioners caught ROGERS out hunting, and chased him until he
came to this precipice, down which he slid into the Lake below, and,
unfortunately, escaped unharmed.

The Indians, who were pursuing him by the imprints of his snow-shoes,
soon arrived at the brink. Seeing what had occurred, they concluded to
"let him slide."

Hence the name.

Evidently they thought, from the trail, that he must have gone over.
Though he was by no means a missionary, the Tracks he had left produced
a profound impression on their untutored minds.

They at once concluded that he was drowned, or had got "in with" some
bad spirits.

It is obvious, however, to the most casual observer of the place, that
the reverse must have been the case. The bad spirits were in him.

The mark worn by Mr. R's "cheviots" in his descent can still be
distinctly seen.

About half way up is a shining object which is generally believed to be
a suspender button.

This, however, is merely conjectural.

The clerk of the boat, of whom I have spoken before, tells me that until
within a few years back, the hole in the water where ROGERS struck could
be seen.

"But it is all gone now," he said, shaking his head sadly. "Nothing can
escape the Vandal horde of tourists and relic hunters. Piece by piece
they have carried the hole away, and there is no trace of it left now."

And he "wept at my tranquillity."

At the north end of the Lake we took stages for Fort Ticonderoga. These
vehicles were run by a man who was pointed out as a "character," which
means a sort of licensed nuisance.

The monomania of this individual was speech making, and much reflection
inclines me to the belief that he is some unappreciated politician who
has invented a way of "taking it out" on the unhappy public as follows:

He waits until his five immense stages arrive at some remote and
solitary part of the road, then draws them up in a semi-circle, mounts a
stump, and--on pretence of exhibiting the beauties of nature--proceeds
to harangue the helpless fares to the top of his very high bent, or
until one of the slumbering "outsides" creates a welcome diversion by
falling off and breaking his neck.

We came to what was really a curiosity--two kinds of trees growing from
one trunk, which this concentration of bores, this _mitrailleuse_, in
fact, improved accordingly.

"Here, Ladies and Gentlemen, you per-ceive one of the _re_-markable and
_pe_-culiar works of a benign _Per_-rovidence. On the right you see the
sturdy and iron-hearted oak, while on the left you behold the modest and
_be_-utiful ellum. What Having has joined together let no man put
asunder--gerlang with yer hosses!"

It must have been a Sunday-school Superintendent who invented excursions
to Fort Ty.

It is not a place to Tye to.

One old gentleman pointed to an underground hole and advised me to go
and look at the magazine.

I went; but it is hardly necessary to say that I didn't find any, and,
on the whole, I was glad of it If people don't know any more than to
leave their _Galaxys_ and _Harper's_ lying around loose when travelling,
why, they deserve to have them stolen, that's all.

I was sorry for the old gentleman, but if there is anything that
disgusts me, it is to meet people that ain't posted about things.

As the steamer neared the Hotel, on our return, the departing sun was
flinging back his last good-night smile on the lovely scene below, and
the musical chime of the little church at Caldwell came stealing sweetly
over the bosom of the placid Lake. As its fairy-like sounds reached our
ears, a melancholy-looking man with long hair, who sat near, started,
smiled, and turning to me, said:

"Did I ever tell you that story about SLUKER?"

As I had never seen the party before, I replied that if he had I had
forgotten it.

"SLUKER," he repeated, gazing absently at the distant spire; "SLUKER,"
he reiterated, rubbing his nose abstractedly with the handle of his
umbrella; "SLUKER," he continued--

--in my next, my dear PUNCHINELLO, in my next.

 SAGINAW DODD.

[_To be continued_.]

       *       *       *       *       *

Sauce

There can be no doubt that Grevy is in the right place, as a member of
the Provisional government of France.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: _Old Gent_. "Don't scatter water on my feet, man,--do you
suppose I want 'em to grow any bigger?"]

       *       *       *       *       *

EDUCATION FOR DETECTIVES.

Although our Metropolitan Detectives have hitherto failed to solve the
mystery in which certain atrocious murders remain shrouded, yet it would
be simply captious to impeach them, on that account, for lack of
sagacity, zeal, courage, or any of the numerous other qualities that go
to the making up of an efficient "Hawkshaw."

That they are not deficient in zeal, at least, is manifest from a
circumstance which took place a short time since. Counterfeiting had
been carried on to a great extent in the city. The rashness of
counterfeiters is proverbial, and they usually carry on their operations
immediately under the nasal protuberance of the law. Nevertheless, in
the case under notice, some vigilant detective, with a nose as sharp as
that of a Spitz-dog, obtained a clue to the arrangements of the
counterfeiters. Having informed some of his associates, a concerted
descent was made by the party upon a house in one of the lower streets
of the city. A portion of the house is, and has been for years past,
occupied by several artists connected with the illustrated press. Few
gentlemen are better known in large circles than these artists, none
more highly appreciated by hosts of friends. But duty is duty--often
stern, but never to be shirked; and so the faithful detectives inserted
their Spitz-dog noses between the joints of the artists' doors, and,
having smelt a very large rat, suddenly burst in upon these graphic
malefactors, and caught them in the act, with all the tools and
paraphernalia of their nefarious occupation scattered about their vile
den.

Most of them were engaged in executing drawings upon blocks of wood,
although it is probable that some of them were smoking pipes--tobacco
being vastly conducive to that concentration of thought by which alone
great mental efforts can be followed by equivalent results. Short work
was made by the sagacious detectives, when they saw the graphic
malefactors engaged in their diabolical toil. Some of the officers
seized the implements of the gang, while others collared the
delinquents, and marched them through the streets to the nearest police
station, where they were thrust into a dungeon and locked up for the
night.

Next morning, on being taken before a magistrate, the prisoners were
discharged, on the grounds that the affair was a mistake--or a joke--we
are not exactly informed which; but the parties chiefly interested do
not look upon it as a joke.

Now it is a very clear case that the mistake in question--or joke--may
be traced to a deficiency of education on the part of these vigilant and
zealous detectives. Had they been properly cultivated in the various
branches of art, the slight blunder to which we refer could not have
occurred. The Spitz-dog noses, instead of smelling Rat, would have smelt
its anagram, Art. Its influence would at once have been acknowledged by
them, and they would have backed out from the August Presence with
obsequious genuflexions. It becomes a question of moment, then, whether
a course of lectures upon art should not henceforth be considered an
indispensable branch of the education of our excellent detectives. We
would not limit the proposed extension of their education, however, to
the study of art, alone. Botany should be insisted on as a necessary
accession to the stock of the detectives' learning; and especially would
we have them instructed in a full knowledge of the leguminous
vegetables--such as beans.

       *       *       *       *       *

Temporary Obscuration of the "Hub."

Boston already has the biggest church- organ in all Creation. She also
has the most public Public Garden of modern times. Last year she had the
loudest Musical Jubilee ever organized, and it is further to be noted
that she is the proud possessor of the most uncommon of Commons. Early
in October, however, all these cherished immensities of Boston must fall
into insignificance and "feel small." On the second day of that month,
Colonel FISK is to make his triumphant entry into Boston, at the head of
the gallant Ninth. Organ, Jubilee, Public Garden, Big Drum, Common--all,
all of these will then have to subside and fade away into thin air
before the stately presence of the Prince of Erie and his valiant
command.

       *       *       *       *       *

Boy and Man.

"Miss ANNIE P. LADD, of Augusta, Me., has been appointed by the governor
and confirmed by the council as a justice of the peace."

    To be a man and magistrate
      'Twas natural that ANNIE sighed,
    Since she one phase of man's estate
      Already as a LADD had tried.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Nut for the Ladies' Club.

Referring to the recent ladies' boat race at Harlem, a reporter says
that "the girls all rowed badly." This is a discouraging comment on the
frantic efforts now making by women to assume man's attributes, (not to
mention his other "butes" and the what-d'ye-call-'ems generally
associated with them,) and it is a very significant fact that the
comment can be tersely clinched by the words So rows Sis.

       *       *       *       *       *

NEW PUBLICATIONS.

Among the numerous portraits of the late CHARLES DICKENS now before the
public, none are likely to be more popular than one in chromograph
lately issued by PRANG & Co., of Boston and New York. It represents the
great and genial writer as some few years younger than he was when he
last visited this country. The expression of the face is one of
thought--rather as he might have appeared when meditating over some new
turn to be given to the thread of a narrative, than as he used to look
when reading to an audience. This picture is printed in two or three
simple tints, of which the flesh tint is the most predominant. It is set
in an oval passe-partout, and requires only a glass over it to fit it
for placing on a wall.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Have just received several Cases               |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PARIS MADE SILK AND POPLIN                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Street and Evening                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           DRESSES,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              Two cases Cloth and Velvet Pattern              |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Sacques, Cloaks, &c.,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        An opening of                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    HANDSOME TRIMMED HATS,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Latest Paris Style. Also,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Children's and Misses' Undergarments,             |
  |                 Infants' Outfits, etc., etc.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Several Cases Real India                   |
  |                     Camel's-Hair Shawls,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |               At unusually attractive prices.                |
  |                                                              |
  |           Embroideries, Laces, Real Lace and LLama           |
  |                    Pointes, Dresses, &c.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     WEDDING TROUSSEAUX.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |      The above forms only a very small portion of their      |
  |                Large and Attractive Stock of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ELEGANT GOODS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Imported and Domestic Made.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          Offered at                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |      Offer the largest, richest, and cheapest stock of       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         DRESS GOODS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           That has ever been Offered in this City,           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Comprising many Novelties in                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          Poplins, Armures Cloths, Epinglines, Extra          |
  |                                                              |
  |          Quality Merinos, Ladies' Cloths, &c., &c.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A Large Line of                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                DOMESTIC SHIRTINGS, SHEETINGS,                |
  |                     BLANKETS, FLANNELS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                     And every Variety of                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     HOUSEKEEPING GOODS.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                              IN                              |
  |                           CARPETS.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                          Five Frame                          |
  |                      ENGLISH BRUSSELS,                       |
  |                  Reduced to $1.75 per yard.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    200 Pieces Five-Frame                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      English Brussels,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |    Greater part Confined Styles, Reduced to $2 per yard.     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Very Best Quality                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ENGLISH TAPESTRY BRUSSELS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.30 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       FRENCH MOQUETTES                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                         AXMINSTERS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    $3.50 and $4 per yard.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ROYAL WILTONS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Best Quality, $2.50 and $3 per yard.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     CROSSLEY'S VELVETS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Choice Designs, $2.50 per yard.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Superfine Ingrains, 3-Plys.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     English and Domestic                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                       OILCLOTHS, RUGS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         MATS, ETC.,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                   At Extremely Low Prices.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. ll x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13 x 18.                                      |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

[Illustration: FEEDING SPARROWS.

A HINT TO A CERTAIN CLASS OF "HUMANITARIANS"]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "The Printing House of the United States."          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEO. F. NESBITT & CO.,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    General JOB PRINTERS,                     |
  |                  BLANK BOOK Manufacturers,                   |
  |              STATIONERS. Wholesale and Retail.               |
  |             LITHOGRAPHIC Engravers and Printers.             |
  |             COPPER-PLATE Engravers and Printers,             |
  |                   ENVELOPE Manufacturers,                    |
  |                 FINE CUT and COLOR Printers.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |              163, 165, 167, and 169 PEARL ST.,               |
  |            73, 75, 77, and 79 FINE ST., New York.            |
  |                                                              |
  |       ADVANTAGES.--All at the same premises, and under       |
  |          immediate supervision of the proprietors.           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               Tourists and Pleasure Travelers                |
  |                                                              |
  | will be glad to learn that that the Erie Railway Company has |
  |                           prepared                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         COMBINATION EXCURSION or Round Trip Tickets,         |
  |                                                              |
  |      Valid during the the entire season, and embracing       |
  |    Ithaca--headwaters of Cayuga Lake--Niagara Falls, Lake    |
  |   Ontario, the River St. Lawrence, Montreal, Quebec, Lake    |
  |  Champlain, Lake George, Saratoga, the White Mountains, and  |
  |  all principal points of interest in Northern New York, the  |
  |  Canadas, and New England. Also similar Tickets at reduced   |
  |  rates, through Lake Superior, enabling travelers to visit   |
  |    the celebrated Iron Mountains and Copper Mines of that    |
  | region. By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co.,  |
  |    Nos. 241, 529, and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 33     |
  | Greenwich St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338  |
  |  Fulton St., Brooklyn; Depots foot of Chambers Street, and   |
  |  foot of 23rd St., New York; No. 3 Exchange Place, and Long  |
  |   Dock Depot, Jersey City, and the Agents at the principal   |
  | hotels, travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as |
  |            well as all the necessary information.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Wild Flowers," "Water-Lilies," |
  |                       "Chas. Dickens."                       |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are included.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance ...................... $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Single copies ........................................ .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |     or paper, price, $2.50, for................... $5.50     |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine of paper, price $4, for  $7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P. O. Box, 2783, NEW YORK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       OEPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                 TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Single Copies, for Sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from this |
  |   office, free,) Ten Cents. Subscription for One Year, one   |
  |              copy, with $2 Chromo Premium, $4.               |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any one |
  |    who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the    |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |           P. O. Box 2783. 83 Nassau St., New York            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

GEO. W. WHEAT & CO, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.






End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 27, October
1, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 2, NO. 27 ***

***** This file should be named 10035.txt or 10035.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/3/10035/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello Vol. 2, No. 28, October 8, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello Vol. 2, No. 28, October 8, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10036]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO VOL. 2, NO. 28 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | to preserve the paper for binding, will be sent postpaid, on |
  |                  receipt of One Dollar, by                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      We will Mail Free                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           A COVER                            |
  |                                                              |
  |           Lettered & Stamped, with New Title Page            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FOR BINDING                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                        FIRST VOLUME,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   On Receipt of 50 Cents,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                            OR THE                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   TITLE PAGE ALONE, FREE,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      On application to                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and cheaper |
  |    than any other Pen in the market. Special attention is    |
  |  called to the following grades, as being better suited for  |
  |       business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The       |
  |                                                              |
  |            "505," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |            we recommend for Bank and Office use.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Sole Agents for United States.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


Vol. II.  No. 28.


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, OCTOBER 8, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR,

Continued in this Number.

See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    The first volume of PUNCHINELLO--the only first-class,    |
  |  original, illustrated, humorous and satirical weekly paper  |
  | published in this country--ending with No. 26, September 24, |
  |                            1870,                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Bound in Extra Cloth,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |         will be ready for delivery on Oct. 1, 1870.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Sent postpaid to any part of the United States on receipt of |
  |                            price.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of the paper for one year, from October 1st, No. 27,  |
  | and the Bound Volume, (the latter prepaid,) will be sent to  |
  |                  any subscriber for $5.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Three copies for one year, and three Bound Volumes, with an  |
  |  extra copy of Bound Volume, to any person sending us three  |
  |                  subscriptions for $16.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy of paper for one year, with a fine chromo premium,  |
  |                        for ... $4.00                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |     Back numbers can always be supplied, as the paper is     |
  |                        electrotyped.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Book canvassers will find this volume a            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Orders supplied at a very liberal discount.          |
  |                                                              |
  |    All remittances should be made in Post Office orders.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   Canvassers wanted for the paper everywhere. Send for our   |
  |                      Special Circular.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     83 NASSAU ST., N. Y.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                     P. O. Box No. 2783.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       JOHN NICKINSON,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ROOM NO. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                 No. 83 Nassau Street, N. Y.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              The Weekly Numbers for September,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bowling Green Savings-Bank                  |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |             Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent Interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents._        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  | Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing Houses, |
  |     can have the same forwarded by inclosing two stamps.     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |        EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL MANUFACTURERS.        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                      [P. O. BOX 2845.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          The only Journal of its kind in America!!           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    The American Chemist:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A MONTHLY JOURNAL                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                              OF                              |
  |                                                              |
  |       THEORETICAL, ANALYTICAL AND TECHNICAL CHEMISTRY.       |
  |                                                              |
  |          DEVOTED ESPECIALLY TO AMERICAN INTERESTS.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                          EDITED BY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |         Chas. F. Chandler, Ph. D., & W. H. Chandler.         |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |   The Proprietors and Publishers of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST,    |
  |   having purchased the subscription list and stock of the    |
  |    American reprint of THE CHEMICAL NEWS, have decided to    |
  |  advance the interests of American Chemical science by the   |
  |     publication of a Journal which, shall bu a medium of     |
  |  communication for all practical, thinking, experimenting,   |
  |   and manufacturing scientific men throughout the country.   |
  |                                                              |
  |     The columns of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST are open for the     |
  | reception of original articles from any part of the country, |
  | subject to approval of the editor. Letters of inquiry on any |
  |   points of interest within the scope of the Journal will    |
  |                  receive prompt attention.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     THE AMERICAN CHEMIST                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Is a Journal of especial interest to             |
  |                                                              |
  |    SCHOOLS AND MEN OF SCIENCE, TO COLLEGES, APOTHECARIES,    |
  |    DRUGGISTS, PHYSICIANS, ASSAYERS, DYERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS,    |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |          And all concerned in scientific pursuits.           |
  |                                                              |
  |    Subscription, $5.00 per annum, in advance; 50 cts. per    |
  |               number. Specimen copies, 25 cts.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address WILLIAM BALDWIN & CO.,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Publishers and Proprietors.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                 434 Broome Street, New York.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      POMEROY'S DEMOCRAT                      |
  |                                                              |
  |  Will each week contain Pomeroy's Saturday Night Chapters,   |
  | Pomeroy's Social Chat with Friends, Editorials on different  |
  |     Topics, Terence McGrant Letters, a splendid Masonic      |
  |    Department; in short, everything that helps to make a     |
  |    first-class Family Newspaper, and the best advertising    |
  |                 medium in the United States.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Single Subscription, $2.50.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |  For sale by News Dealers everywhere at Six Cents per copy.  |
  |                                                              |
  |             Office, 166 Nassau Street, New York.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                   C. P. SYKES, Publisher.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |            M. M. POMEROY, Editor and Proprietor.             |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

       *       *       *       *       *

Entered, according to Act of Congress, in the year 1870, by the
PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY, in the Office of the Librarian of
Congress at Washington.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XXI.

BENTHAM TO THE RESCUE.

European travellers in this country--especially if one economical
condition of their coming hither has not been the composition of works
of imagination on America, sufficiently contemptuous to pay all the
expenses of the trip--have, occasionally--and particularly if they have
been invited to write for New York magazines, take professorships in
native colleges, or lecture on the encouraging Continental progress of
scientific atheism before Boston audiences;--such travellers, we say,
convinced that they shall lose no money by it, but, on the contrary,
rather sanguine of making a little thereby in the long run, have
occasionally remarked, that, in the United States, women journeying
alone are treated with a chivalric courtesy and deference not so
habitually practiced in any other second-class new nation on the face of
the earth.[1]

What, oh, what can be more true than this? A lady well stricken in
years, and of adequate protraction of nose and rectilinear undeviation
of figure, can travel alone from Maine to Florida with as perfect
immunity from offensive masculine intrusion as though she were guarded
by a regiment; while a somewhat younger girl, with curls and an innocent
look, can not appear unaccompanied by an escort in an American omnibus,
car, ferry-boat, or hotel, without appealing at once to the finest
fatherly feelings of every manly middle-aged observer whose wife is not
watching him, and exciting as general a desire to make her trip socially
delightful as though each gentlemanly eye seeking hers were indeed that
of a tender sire.

Thus, although Miss POTTS'S lonely stay in her hotel had been so brief,
the mysterious American instinct of chivalry had discovered it very
early on the first morning after her arrival, and she arose from her
delicious sleep to find at least half a dozen written offers of
hospitality from generous strangers, sticking under her door.
Understanding that she was sojourning without natural protectors in a
strange city, the thoughtful writers, who appeared to be chiefly Western
men of implied immense fortunes, begged her (by the delicate name of
"Fair Unknown") to take comfort in the thought that they were stopping
at the same hotel and would protect her from all harm with their lives.
In proof of this unselfish disposition on their parts, several of them
were respectively ready to take her to a circus-matinee, or to drive in
Central Park, on that very day: and her prompt acceptance of these
signal evidences of a disinterested friendship for womanhood without a
natural protector could not be more simply indicated to those who now
freely offered such friendship, than by her dropping her fork _twice_ at
the public breakfast table, or sending the waiter back _three_ times
with the boiled eggs to have them cooked rightly.

FLORA had completed her chemical toilet, put all the bottles, jars, and
small round boxes back into her satchel again, and sat down to a second
reading of these gratifying intimations that a prepossessing female
orphan is not necessarily without assiduous paternal guardianship at her
command wherever there are Western fathers, when Mr. DIBBLE appeared, as
he had promised, accompanied by Gospeler SIMPSON.

"Miss CAROWTHERS was so excited by your sudden flight, Miss POTTS," said
the latter, "that she came at once to me and OLDY with your farewell
note, and would not stop saying 'Did you ever!' until, to restrain my
aggravated mother from fits, I promised to follow you to your guardian's
and ascertain what your good-bye note would have meant if it had
actually been punctuated."

"Our reverend friend reached me about an hour ago," added Mr. DIBBLE,
"saying, that a farewell note without a comma, colon, semi-colon, or
period in it, and with every other word beginning with a capital, and
underscored, was calculated to drive friends to distraction. I took the
liberty of reminding him, my dear, that young girls from boarding-school
should hardly be expected to have advanced as far as English composition
in their French and musical studies; and I also related to him what you
had told me of Mr. BUMSTEAD."

"And I don't know that, under the circumstances, you could do a better
thing than you have done," continued the Gospeler. "Mr. BUMSTEAD,
himself, explains your flight upon the supposition that you were
possibly engaged with myself, my mother, Mr. DIBBLE, and the PENDRAGONS,
in killing poor Mr. DROOD."

"Oh, oughtn't he to be ashamed of himself, when he knows that I never
did kill any absurd creature!" cried the Flowerpot, in earnest
deprecation. "And just think of darling MAGNOLIA, too, with her poor,
ridiculous brother! You're a lawyer, Mr. DIBBLE and I should think you
could get them a _habeas corpus_, or a divorce, or some other perfectly
absurd thing about courts, that would make the judges tell the juries to
bring them in Not Guilty."

Fixing upon the lovely young reasoner a look expressive of his
affectionate wonder at her inspired perception of legal possibilities,
the old lawyer said, that the first thing in order was a meeting between
herself and Miss PENDRAGON; which, as it could scarcely take place (all
things considered,) with propriety in the private room of that lady's
brother, nor without publicity in his own office, or in a hotel, he
hardly knew how to bring about.

And here we have an example of that difference between novels and real
life which has been illustrated more than once before in this
conscientious American Adaptation of what all our profoundly critical
native journals pronounce the "most elaborately artistic work" of the
grandest of English novelists. In an equivalent situation of real life,
Mr. DIBBLE'S quandary would not have been easily relieved; but, by the
magic of artistic fiction, the particular kind of extemporized character
absolutely necessary to help him and the novel continuously along was at
that moment coming up the stairs of the hotel.[2]

At the critical instant, a servant knocked, to say, that there was a
gentleman below, "with a face as long me arrum, sir, who axed me was
there a man here av the name av SIMPSON, Miss?"

"It is JOHN--it is Mr. BUMSTEAD!" shrieked FLORA, hastening
involuntarily towards a mirror,--"and just see how my dress is
wrinkled!"

"My name is BENTHAM--JEREMY BENTHAM," said a deep voice in the doorway;
and there entered a gloomy figure, with smoky, light hair, a curiously
long countenance, and black worsted gloves. "SIMPSON!--old
OCTAVIUS!--did you never, never see me before?"

"If I am not greatly mistaken," returned the Gospeler, sternly. "I saw
you standing in the bar-room of the hotel, just now, as we came up."

"Yes," sighed the stranger, "I was there--waiting for a Western
friend--when you passed in. And has sorrow, then, so changed me, that
you do not know me? Alas! alack! woe's me!"

"BENTHAM, you say?" cried the Ritualistic clergyman, with a start, and
sudden change of countenance. "Surely you're not the rollicking
fellow-student who saved my life at Yale?"

"I am! I am!" sobbed the other, smiting his bosom. "While studying
theology, you'd gone to sleep in bed reading the Decameron. I, in the
next room, suddenly smelt a smell of wood burning. Breaking into your
apartment, I saw your candle fallen upon your pillow and your head on
fire. Believing that, if neglected, the flames would spread to some
vital part, I seized a water-pitcher and dashed the contents upon you.
Up you instantly sprang, with a theological expression on your lips, and
engaged me in violent single combat. "Madman!" roared I, "is it thus you
treat one who has saved your life?" Falling upon the floor, with a black
eye, you at once consented to be reconciled; and, from that hour forth,
we were both members of the same secret society."

Leaping forward, the Reverend OCTAVIUS wrung both the black worsted
gloves of Mr. BENTHAM, and introduced the latter to the old lawyer and
his ward.

"He did indeed save all but my head from the conflagration, and
extinguished that, even, before it was much charred," cried the grateful
Ritualist, with marked emotion.--"But, JEREMY, why this aspect of
depression?"

"OCTAVIUS, old friend," said BENTHAM, his hollow voice quivering, "let
no man boast himself upon the gaiety of his youth, and fondly
dream--poor self-deceiver!--that his maturity may be one of revelry. You
know what I once was. Now I am conducting a first-class American Comic
Paper."

Commiseration, earnest and unaffected, appeared upon every countenance,
and Mr. DIBBLE was the first to break the ensuing deep silence.

"If I am not mistaken, then," observed the good lawyer, quietly, "the
scene of your daily loss of spirits is in the same building with our
young friend, Mr. PENDRAGON, whom you may know."

"I do know him, sir; and that his sister has lately come unto him. His
room, by means of outside shutters, was once a refuge to me from the
Man"--Here Mr. BENTHAM'S face flamed with inconceivable hatred--"who
came to tell me just how an American first-class Comic Paper _should_ be
conducted."

"At what time does your rush of subscribers cease?"

"As soon as I begin to charge anything for my paper."

"And the newsmen, who take it by the week,--what is their usual time for
swarming in your office?"

"On the day appointed for the return of unsold copies."

"Then I _have_ an idea," said Mr. DIBBLE. "It appears to me, Mr.
BENTHAM, that your office, besides being so near Mr. PENDRAGON'S
quarters, furnishes all the conditions for a perfectly private
confidential interview between this young lady here, and her friend,
Miss PENDRAGON. Mr. SIMPSON, if you approve, be kind enough to acquaint
Mr. BENTHAM with Miss POTTS'S history, without mentioning names; and
explain to him, also, why the ladies' interview should take place in a
spot whither that singular young man, Mr. BUMSTEAD, would not be likely
to prowl, if in town, in his inspection of umbrellas."

The Gospeler hurriedly related the material points of FLORA'S history to
his recovered friend, who moaned with all the more cheerful parts, and
seemed to think that the serious ones might be worked-up in comic
miss-spelling for his paper.--"For there is nothing more humorous in
human life," said he, gloomily, "than the defective orthography of a
fashionable young girl's education for the solemnity of matrimony."

Finally, they all set off for the appointed place of retirement, upon
nearing which Mr. DIBBLE volunteered to remain outside as a guard
against any possible interruption. The Gospeler led the way up the dark
stairs of the building, when they had gained it; and the Flowerpot,
following, on JEREMY BENTHAM'S arm, could not help glancing shyly up
into the melancholy face of her escort, occasionally. "Do you _never_
smile?" she could not help asking.

"Yes," he said, mournfully, "sometimes: when I clean my teeth."

No more was said; for they were entering the room of which the tone and
atmosphere were those of a receiving-vault.


[Footnote 1: Shades of QUINTILIAN and Dr. JOHNSON, what a
sentence!]

[Footnote 2: Quite
independently of any specific design to that end by the Adapter, this
Adaptation, carefully following the original English narrative as it
does, can not avoid acting as a kind of practical--and, of course,
somewhat exaggerative--commentary upon what is strained, forced, or out
of the line of average probabilities, in the work Adapted.]


CHAPTER XXII.

A CONFUSED STATE OF THINGS.

The principal office of the Comic Paper was one of those amazingly
unsympathetic rooms in which the walls, windows and doors all have a
stiff, unsalient aspect of the most hard-finished indifference to every
emotion of humanity, and a perfectly rigid insensibility to the
pleasures or pains of the tenants within their impassive shelter. In the
whole configuration of the heartless, uncharacterized place there was
not one gracious inequality to lean against; not a ledge to rest elbow
upon; not a panel, not even a stove-pipe hole, to become dearly familiar
to the wistful eye; not so much as a genial crack in the plastering, or
a companionable rattle in a casement, or a little human obstinacy in a
door to base some kind of an acquaintance upon and make one less lonely.
Through the grim, untwinkling windows, gaping sullenly the wrong way
with iron shutters, came a discouraged light, strained through the
narrow intervals of the dusty roofs above, to discover a large
coffin-colored desk surmounted by ghastly busts of HERVEY, KEBLE and
BLAIR;[3] a smaller desk, over which hung a picture of the Tomb of
WASHINGTON, and at which sat a pallid assistant-editor in deep mourning,
opening the comic contributions received by last mail; a still smaller
desk, for the nominal writer of subscription-wrappers; files of the
_Evangelist_, _Observer_ and _Christian Union_ hanging along the wall; a
dead carpet of churchyard-green on the floor; and a print of Mr. PARKE
GODWIN just above the mantel of momumental marble.


Upon finding themselves in this temple of Momus, and observing that its
peculiar arrangement of sunshine made their complexions look as though
they had been dead a few days, Gospeler SIMPSON and the Flowerpot
involuntarily spoke in whispers behind their hands.

"Does that room belong to your establishment, also, BENTHAM?" whispered
the Gospeler, pointing rather fearfully, as he spoke, towards a
side-door leading apparently into an adjoining' apartment.

"Yes," was the low response.

"Is there--is there anybody dead in there?" whispered Mr. SIMPSON,
tremulously.

"No.--Not yet"

"Then," whispered the Ritualistic clergyman, "you might step in there,
Miss POTTS, and have your interview with Miss PENDRAGON, whom Mr.
BENTHAM will, I am sure, cause to be summoned from up-stairs."

The assistant-editor of the Comic Paper stealing softly from the office
to call the other young lady down, Mr. JEREMY BENTHAM made a sign that
FLORA should follow him to the supplementary room indicated; his
low-spirited manner being as though he had said: "If you wish to look at
the body, miss, I will now show you the way."

Leaving the Gospeler lost in dark abstraction near the black mantel, the
Flowerpot allowed the sexton of the establishment to conduct her
funereally into the place assigned for her interview, and stopped aghast
before a huge black object standing therein.

"What's this?" she gasped, almost hysterically.

"Only a safe," said Mr. BENTHAM, with inexplicable bitterness of tone.
"Merely our fire-and-burglar-proof receptacle for the money constantly
pouring in from first-class American Comic journalism."--Here Mr.
BENTHAM slapped his forehead passionately, checked something like a sob
in his throat, and abruptly returned to the main office.

Scarcely, however, had he closed the door of communication behind him,
when another door, opening from the hall, was noiselessly unlatched, and
MAGNOLIA PENDRAGON glided into the arms of her friend.

"FLORA!" murmured the Southern girl, "I can scarcely credit my eyes! It
seems so long since we last met! You've been getting a new bonnet, I
see."

"It's like an absurd dream!" responded the Flowerpot, wonderingly
caressing her. "I've thought of you and your poor, ridiculous brother
twenty times a day. How much you must have gone through here! Are they
wearing skirts full, or scant, this season?"

"About medium, dear. But how do you happen to be here, in Mr. BENTHAM'S
office?"

In answer to this question, FLORA related all that bad happened at
Bumsteadville and since her flight from thence; concluding by warning
MAGNOLIA, that her possession of a black alpaca waist, slightly worn,
had subjected her to the ominous suspicion of the Ritualistic organist.

"I scorn and defy the suspicions of that enemy of the persecuted South,
and high-handed wooer of exclusively Northern women!" exclaimed Miss
PENDRAGON, vehemently. "Is this Mr. BENTHAM married?"

"I suppose not."

"Is he visiting any one?"

"I shouldn't think so, dear."

"Then," added MAGNOLIA, thoughtfully, "if dear Mr. DIBBLE approves, he
might be a friend to MONTGOMERY and myself; and, by being so near us,
protect us both from Mr. BUMSTEAD. Just think, dear FLORA, what heaps of
sorrow I should endure, if that base man's suspicion about my alpaca
waist should be only a pretence, to frighten me into ultimately
receiving his addresses."

"I don't think there's any danger, love," said Miss POTTS, rather
sharply.

"Why, FLORA precious?"

"Oh, because he's so absurdly fastidious, you know, about regularity of
features in women."

"More than he is about brains, I should think, dear, from what you tell
me of his making love to you."

Here both young ladies trembled very much, and said they never, never
would have believed it of each other; and were only reconciled when
FLORA sobbed that she was a poor unmarried orphan, and Miss PENDRAGON
moaned piteously that an unwedded Southern girl without money had better
go away somewhere in the desert, with her crushed brother, and die at
once for their down-trodden section. Then, indeed, they embraced
tearfully; and, in proof of the perfect restoration of their devoted
friendship, agreed never to marry if they could avoid it, and told each
other the prices of all their best clothes.

"You _won't_ tell your brother that I've been here?" said the
Flowerpot. "I'm so absurdly afraid that he can't help blaming me for
causing some of his trouble."

"Can't I tell him, even if it would serve to amuse him in his
desolation?" asked the sister, persuasively. "I want to see him smile
again, just as he does some days when a hand-organ-man's monkey climbs
up to our windows from the street."

"Well, you _may_ tell him, then, you absurd thing!" returned FLORA,
blushing; and, with another embrace, they parted, and the deeply
momentous interview was over.

(_To be Continued._)


[Footnote 3: Author of "The Grave."]



       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: ROMANCE AND REALITY.

IN THE LIBRARY.

_Jones, (reading.)_ "THE GLASS OF FASHION AND THE MOULD OF FORM, THE
OBSERVED OF ALL OBSERVERS."

_Jenkins, (with enthusiasm.)_ "PERFECT DESCRIPTION OF MY WIFE!"


IN THE GARDEN.

THIS IS MRS. JENKINS, IN HER MORNING TOILETTE.]

       *       *       *       *       *

OFFICE SEEKING.[4]

BY ICHABOD BOGGS,

THE NEW AMERICAN POET.

PREFATORY NOTE.--The reader is requested to judge the following
production mildly, as it is the first effort of a youthful genius (16
years old in looks and feeling, 42 by the family bible and census.) The
author has felt that America should have a new kind of verse of its own,
and he thinks he here offers one which has never been used by any other
mortal poet. It is called the duodekameter. Perhaps it may be proper to
add that the following is _poetry_.

I.

  You see everybody in our town was running around, getting fat jobs
      and positions, and picking up a million dollars or so,
          So I felt it incumbent on me
  To shake myself up, and see if there wasn't a good butter firkin, well
      filled, loafing around idle, in which could conveniently locate my
      centre of gravity, and so I said to myself, I'll go
          To Washington and see,
              Says ICHABOD BOGGS, says I.

II.

  Now, don't you see, you might just as well ask for a big position at
      first, and then take what you can get,
          At least that has been my rule so far,
  For, as I says to myself, if you can only get a very high position, with
      a sort of nabob's salary, and lots of perquisites running in
      annually, you needn't do anything, you bet,
          But puff at your cigar,
              Says ICHABOD BOGGS, says I.

III.

  So I put on my best clothes, and a sort of a big blue necktie,
      and shortly thereafter showed myself to Mr. GRANT,
          And said that there had been quite enough
  Of this giving away big offices to people who hadn't big reputations,
      and that he had other fish to fry, and that, as he wouldn't give the
      Custom House to my son, I'd take it myself, and then I stopped,
      and he looked, "I shan't,"
          But all he said was--puff,
              Says General GRANT, says he.

IV.

  Then all the smoke got in my nose, and I sneezed and snorted a bit,
      and then I just simply remarked and said
          That he needn't go and get into a huff,
  And if he didn't like to give me that office, couldn't he make me
      Minister to England, as I was a big feeder, or if that didn't suit,
      why, if he'd do it, I wouldn't object to being Minister to Cuba,
      when the Cubans had been all killed, and were thoroughly dead?
          But all be said was--puff,
              Says General GRANT, says he.

V.

  Well, then I got kind of discouraged, but I thought that I'd better try
      again, and not get up so far,
          But ask for what he'd give beyond doubt,
  So I asked for a position as night watchman at the Navy Yard, and
      thought I'd get it, and he'd answer my request, for I'd noticed that
      his Havana was gradually growing smaller, and he did answer me,
      just as he'd thrown away the end of his cigar,
          He simply said, "Get out!"
              Says General GRANT, says he.

VI.

  So I got out, as fast as a pair of legs, with a number twelve boot
      kicking at the place where they're joined, would permit,
          And wandered off, just about as far
  As I conveniently could, and then I sat down on a milestone and raised
      my voice to Heaven, and cried aloud, that, weather permitting,
      General GRANT should never, _never_, NEVER, go back to the White
      House, not if I could help it,
          To puff on his cigar,
              Said ICHABOD BOGGS, said I.

[Footnote 4: We hope none of our readers will labor under the impression
that we look upon the above effusion as a poetical one, but, in this day
of many isms, it may happen that the above style may become prevalent,
and we think it our duty to present everything that is new. EDS.]

       *       *       *       *       *

2.02 TO HARNESS.

Mr. Punchinello on the Turf.

History relates that the era of Horse-racing commenced about the year
680 B. C., but it was some time after that when Mr. PUNCHINELLO made his
_debut_ as a candidate for the honors of the turf. To put the matter
more concisely, it is just six days since he drove his horse "Creeping
Peter" on the track at Monmouth Park, Long Branch. The only object which
Mr. P. had in view, when he purchased his celebrated trotter and put him
into training, was the improvement of the breed of American horses.
While our BONNERS, VANDERBILTS and GRANTS are devoting all their
surplus time and means to this great end, Mr. P., in placing the name of
his yellow horse in the hands of the poolseller, would scorn to have a
less noble aim.

But this great object need not interfere with others of less importance,
and therefore Mr. P. will not deny that, after having exhibited to his
friends and the sporting fraternity in general, his little investment in
fancy horseflesh, he made up a very satisfactory betting-book.

Now Mr. P. believed,--and events proved him to be correct,--that when
his friends and the sporting fraternity saw his horse, they would bet
heavily against him. Mr. P., however, in all the pride of amateur
ownership, bet quite as heavily _upon_ his noble steed. His friends and
the above-mentioned fraternity chuckled and winked behind his back, but
although Mr. P. heard them chuckle and knew that they were winking, his
belief in his final success never wavered. Any ordinary observer might
be expected to remark that Creeping Peter was not entirely without
blemish. Besides being spavined and having three of his hoofs injured by
sand-crack, he had poll-evil, fistulas, malanders, ring-bone, capped
hock, curb, splint, and several other maladies which made him a very
suitable horse for the general public to bet against.

But Mr. P.'s courage never quailed!

When he made his appearance on the track (for he drove his horse
himself) he was the object of general attention. The following view
(from a photograph by ROCKWOOD) gives an excellent idea of the horse and
driver.

[Illustration]

Nearly everybody on the ground advised Mr. P. to leave his cloth in the
stable, for it would certainly interfere with the speed of his horse and
probably get wrapped up in the wheels and cause an accident. But Mr. P.
would listen to nothing of the sort. He told everybody that he wasn't
going to catch cold in his knees, even if he lost the race, and that he
was perfectly willing to run the risk of accidents.

For the benefit of his readers, however, Mr. P. will lift up this
heavily shotted lap-cloth and show what was under it.

[Illustration]

Here is arranged a steam-engine, which drives the wheels of the vehicle,
and which will of course propel the whole turnout, horse and all, at a
great rate of speed.

It will now be easily perceived why Mr. P. persisted in keeping his
lap-cloth over his knees.

The entries were as follows:

    ROBERT BONNER'S     b. h.      Dexter.
    DEREN O. SUE'S      b. m.      Lady Thorn.
    PUNCHINELLO'S       y. h.      Creeping Peter.

When the word was given, the horses all got off well and Dexter
immediately took the lead,--buzzing through the air like a
humming-top,--followed closely by Lady Thorn, her nose just lapping his
off jaw. For the first few seconds Mr. P. fell behind, owing to his
fires not yet being properly under way, but the water soon bubbled
merrily in his boiler, and his wheels began to revolve with great
rapidity. And now he sped merrily. Never did the war trumpet inspire the
fiery charger, or hounds and horn excite the mettled hunter, as the
steam-engine in his rear woke all the energies of Creeping Peter.

Swift as revolving pin-wheels or rapid peg-top, those spavins, those
ring-bones, those bulbous hocks, those sand-cracked hoofs and those
rattling ribs went whistling o'er the track. Mid the shouts and yells of
the excited multitude he passed Lady Thorn, overtook Dexter and shot
ahead of him! But he cannot stand that tremendous pace, and down goes
Creeping Peter on his knees. Every man who had bet against him set up a
howl of rapture, but Mr. P. never relaxed a muscle, and on went Creeping
Peter, just as fast as ever, his horny bones dashing away the sand and
gravel like spray from the cut-water of a scudding yacht, and, amid the
wildest clamor, he shot past the judges' stand on his nose and one leg,
making his mile in two minutes and two seconds!

[Illustration]

It is needless to dwell upon the results of this race.

Mr. P. now owes no man anything, nor is he even indebted to his noble
steed. Behold his testimony to the merits of that valuable animal!

[Illustration]

       *       *       *       *       *

Something Original In Suicide.

An item in an evening paper states that "a man near Syracuse recently
cut his throat with a scythe."

Well, certainly this was a new Mowed of doing the business, although, as
it was the first instance of the kind on record, it cannot properly be
said that the business was done _a la mowed_.

       *       *       *       *       *

Jocular and Ocular.

Can the public be properly said to have looked forward to SEEBACH?

       *       *       *       *       *

ANNA DICKINSON.

One bright October morning in the year 1828, a lone lorn woman by the
name of GUMMIDGE might have been seen standing at the corner of a
wheat-field where two cross-roads met and embraced. She was weeping
violently. Ever and anon she would raise her head and gaze mysteriously
in the direction of a cloud of dust which moved slowly over the hill
toward the town. Her name was FATIMA. FATIMA GUMMIDGE. "Sister ANNIE,"
she cried, "what do you see?" But sister ANNIE was far away. She was not
there. She was attending an agricultural fair in the beautiful young
state of Kansas.

Thus gracefully do we introduce our heroine upon the scene. The reader
will be able to judge, from this, whether we are familiar with the
literature of our day, or not. He will be able to form a complimentary
opinion of our culture. He will perceive that we are acquainted with the
writings of Messrs. JAMES, and DICKENS, and BLUEBEARD. There is nothing
like impressing your reader with an adequate sense of your ability for
laborious research, when you are doing biography for a high-toned
journal.

At what period in her career our illustrious victim applied to the
Legislature to change her name from GUMMIDGE to DICKINSON, we are unable
to discover. There is no record of the event in the musty tomes we have
waded through at the Astor Library in search of reliable data. One thing
must be apparent, even to the most violently prejudiced and brutish
bigot--namely, that Miss DICKINSON no longer confesses to the name of
GUMMIDGE. However disrespectful this may be to the memory of Mrs.
GUMMIDGE'S father--but on reflection is it not possible that Mrs.
GUMMIDGE'S maiden name was DICKINSON? There may be something in this.
Let us see. Mrs. GUMMIDGE was born of the brain of Mr. C. DICKENS. Mr.
DICKENS may be said to be the father of the whole GUMMIDGE family. This,
of course, includes GUMMIDGE _pere_. GUMMIDGE _pere_ was therefore
DICKENS' son. Hence the name of DICKENSON. Very good, so far. Now--

But it is unnecessary to press the argument. If the prejudiced bigot is
not yet convinced, nothing would convince him short of a horse-whipping.

The poet, when he wrote "Thou wilt come no more, gentle ANNIE," was
clearly laboring under a mistake. If he had written "Thou wilt be sure
to come again next season, gentle ANNIE," he would have hit it. Lecture
committees know this. Miss DICKINSON earns her living by lecturing.
Occasionally she takes a turn at scrubbing pavements, or going to hear
WENDELL PHILLIPS on "The Lost Arts," or other violent exertion, but her
best hold is lecturing. She has followed the business ever since she was
a girl, and twenty-four (24) years of steady application have made her
no longer a Timid Young Thing. She is not afraid of audiences any more.

It is a favorite recreation of the moral boot-blacks and pious newsboys
of New York to gather in the evening on the steps of Mr. FROTHINGHAM'S
church, and scare each other with thrilling stories of the gentle
ANNIE'S fierce exploits and deeds of daring. Among the best
authenticated of these (stripped of the ornate figures of speech with
which the pious newsboys are wont to embellish the simple facts) are the
following:

1. In the memorable canvass of 1848, Miss DICKINSON stumped the mining
districts of Pennsylvania for FRED DOUGLASS, and was shot at by the
infuriated miners forty-two times, the bullets whistling through her
back hair to that extent that her chignon looked like a section of
suction-hose when the campaign was over.

2. Near the close of the rebellion, Miss DICKINSON wrote to JEFF DAVIS
that she was going to raise a regiment and go for him. Peace followed
promptly.

3. In the year 1867 she published a book.

4. In the year 1868 she went to California overland, by railroad, alone.

5. In the year 1869 she attended a lecture by OLIVE LOGAN, and further
showed her fearless nature by embracing Miss LOGAN tempestuously, and
offering to marry her.

6. At various times during her career she has received and successfully
done battle with 14,624 proposals of marriage, 14,600 of which were made
to her _in the city of Chicago!!!_

These evidences of her courage are sufficient to show what she is equal
to, under any emergency. We are now waiting to hear of a seventh act of
bravery on her part which will distance all the above; when she shall
have announced that she is prepared to lecture on "CHARLES DICKENS" she
will have given the last convincing proof that she is equal to
_anything_ terrible.

(Should Mr. PUNCHINELLO object that this biographical sketch is
desultory and "wandering," let him try, himself, to write the biography
of a lady who is incessantly and frantically roaming from one end of the
country to the other, and if he don't wander it will be a wonder.)

       *       *       *       *       *

IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!--HEIRS WANTED!

NEW YORK, Oct. 1, 1870.

We, the undersigned, as representatives of the family of the decedent,
hereby call upon all heirs of the late RICHARD COEUR DE LION, who may be
residing in or near this locality, to meet at the Astor House, in New
York, on the fifteenth of this present month of October, to take
measures for the recovery of such portion of the estate of said LION as
is known to have legally descended to his heirs in this country. This
property, to which it will be easy to prove that we, the undersigned,
together with the other members of our family, are the lineal heirs, is
believed to consist mainly of the two hundred thousand byzants assured
to the said LION by SALADIN after the capitulation of Acre. This sum,
which we have reason to believe was duly paid by said SALADIN at the
time appointed, when reduced from golden byzants into greenbacks, and
compound-interest at seven _per centum_ for the term of six hundred and
seventy-nine years calculated thereupon, will be found to amount to
upwards of one hundred and seventy thousand million dollars. When the
ransom money of twenty-five hundred Saracens, slain by said LION to
enforce the speedy payment of the principal of this sum by the said
SALADIN, shall have been deducted and paid to such heirs and survivors
of said Saracens as may immediately present their claims, the remainder
will be divided, (as soon as the necessary legal measures shall be
taken,) among the heirs and descendants of said LION in this country.

The immediate object of the meeting, which is now called by the
undersigned, is the collection of sufficient funds from said heirs and
descendants to defray the expenses of a committee (composed of the
undersigned) who shall be charged with the duty of visiting England,
Normandy and Palestine, and obtaining such evidence and such copies of
record in relation to this portion of the estate of the said LION, as
shall make necessary a speedy and equitable division of paid property
among the members of the family in this country.

Lineal heirs who may not be able to attend this meeting in person will
have their interests taken in charge by the undersigned, on the receipt
of twenty-five dollars, which will be due from each heir as the primary
instalment on account of necessary expenses.

Punctual attention to this notice is requested.

(Signed)

  JACOB RICHARDS,
  PETER MCCURDY,
  EBENEZER LYONS.
  JAMES MCLEON,
  L. J. O'LYNN,
  HENRY RICHARDSON,
  Rev. THOS. DICK,
  DICK E. DICKQUE DOUT.


       *       *       *       *       *

RECOGNITION OF NILSSON.

    Not that we mean to "patronize," fair Swede;
                No, no, indeed!
    'Tis homage, honest homage that we bring;
                For you can sing!

    Pray, do not think we build you any throne
                On _skill_ alone;
    There's nothing regal in a music box--
                In simple _vox_!

    But when an ardent spirit warms the strain--
                When it is plain
    The artist feels the passion of the scene--
                She's then our Queen!

    But, dear CHRISTINA! we should still declare
                The Fates unfair,
    Unless she lived as chastely as the rose;
                As NILSSON does!

    Still, still we hesitate!--We will confess,
                (For _you'd_ not guess!)
    We'd have her--that the likeness be complete--
                Young, fair, and sweet!

    In fine, (and now we'll tell you everything,)
                If she can sing,
    And act, and feel, and look, and _be_ like you,
                Why, that will do!

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE YOUNG DEMOC-RATS, ENCOURAGED BY THE OLD RAT DANA,
COME TO GRIEF IN TRYING TO PUT OUT THE HOFFMAN LIGHT.]

       *       *       *       *       *

A New Pierian Spring.

The Principal of the "Student's Home," at V------, N.Y., advertising
the advantages of his school, makes the following telling appeal, which
we should think would be hard to resist by such as find study interfere
with digestion.

"COME TO V------. Its Mineral Water strengthens the body, and its
Seminary the mind."

The hope of eventually leaving those classic shades in such a state of
two-fold invigoration, should prove inspiring to the dyspeptic and
studious.

Whether this constant cramming of the mind and purging of the body be
the true secret of longevity as well as of scholarship, we know not; we
should judge, however, from the appearance and conversation of students
in general, that a system directly the reverse of the above mentioned
process would be more certain of turning out the real article.

       *       *       *       *       *


Spare Us!

Nor only is everybody's attention directed towards Paris, but the
English Sparrows appear to be gradually Worming themselves into public
estimation. They have been picking away so vigorously, since they were
brought over here, that some of them are now able to pick their way
across Broadway, in the muddiest weather. In course of time, we suppose
the worms will disappear, and then, when these poor birds have nothing
else to pick, they will go out to pic-nics. Come, arouse then, friends
of the sparrow! Fetch out your bread and your grain, and fear not that
these little twitterers will ever over-burden the city.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Gourd of Honor(!)

The latest, and most important news from Spain is that SICKLES has been
furnished with a guard by the government.

Some things are managed better in Spain than in this country. SICKLES
should have been placed under guard, here, many a year ago, to keep him
out of mischief.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Carpe Diem."

The following telegraphic item is a remarkable instance of the exactness
with which news can be transmitted by the submarine cable:

"LONDON, September 16. Mr. CHARLES REED, member of Parliament for
Hackney, to-day unveiled the monument to ALEXANDER DEFOE, at Bunhill
Fields. The monument in practically one to ROBINSON CRUSOE."

With the triffing exception of calling ROBINSON DEFOE ALEXANDER DEFOE,
(and that is a pardonable error, considering that ALEXANDER SELKIRK was
the prototype of DANIEL CRUSOE,) the above item is perfectly
satisfactory. All the more so, if one pays attention to the date, and
remembers that September 16 fell upon a FRIDAY.

       *       *       *       *       *

BY TELEGRAPH FROM VARIOUS PARTS OF THE WORLD.

[Special Correspondence of Punchinello.]

BERLIN, October 15.--In a conversation with King WILLIAM, yesterday, he
said that he relied upon the growing taste in Hoboken for Bavarian beer
to destroy the sympathy of the United States with the French Republic.

METZ, October 12.--While examining the fortifications to-day with
BISMARCK, I lent him my cigar-holder, and he told me that Prussia would
refuse to entertain any propositions tending to peace until the
Schleswig-Holstein question was definitely settled.

STRASBOURG, October 14--Among the priceless volumes destroyed in the
library here, was a full set of ABBOTT'S NAPOLEON histories. They were
all presentation copies from the author, with autograph inscriptions.
The regret expressed at their destruction is deep-felt and universal.

WINDSOR, Oct. 16th.--I came up to-day with VICTORIA from Balmoral. She
was engaged during most of the trip in reading HORACE GREELEY'S "What I
Know About Farming," with which she is much delighted. She said she
thought the satire was finer than SWIFT'S, and wondered the people did
not insist upon GREELEY'S being Governor.

ROME, Oct. 15.--Talking this morning with the Pope, who took breakfast
with me, His Holiness said he had accepted JAMES GORDON BENNETT'S
invitation to come to Washington Heights on a visit, and wanted to know
whether I thought he would be expected to wear his tiara during meals. I
told him that I thought it would not be obligatory.

DUBLIN, Oct. 16.--The Irish Republic was to-day proclaimed at Cork, with
GEORGE FRANCIS TRAIN as Emperor. The Fenians say they would prefer a
constitutional monarchy.

PARIS, Oct. 15.--General CLUSERET assured me to-day that though Minister
WASHBURNE speaks French better than a native, yet he has not entirely
forgotten what little English he used to know, and further, that he is
confident it is not that gentleman's intention to make himself Dictator
of France by a _coup d' etat_.

LONG BRANCH, Oct. 22--While smoking to-day with GRANT, I asked him what
he thought of the European complication, and he answered with a most
expressive silence.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: STAYING THE MARCH.

_Liberty._ "HALT!" ]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN IN GOTHAM.

The venerable "Lait Gustise" sees the Sights, under Perplexing
Difficulties.

The native borned Gothamite mite have notissed, a short time since, a
venerable lookin' ex-Statesman, dressed in a becomin' soot of clothes
and a slick lookin' white hat.

The a-four-said honest old man carried a bloo cotton umbreller in one
hand, and an acksminister carpet bag in t'other. He had jest arroven to
the meetropolis on a North River steambote. The reader has probly gessed
by this time, that the man in question was the subscriber.

If he hasen't so surmised, I would inform him that it was. Jess so.
Arrivin' at a well-known tavern, where hash is provided for man and
beast, I handed my carpet bag over the counter.

The clerk at the offis put on rather more airs than a Revenoo offiser.
In fact, he was so full of airs I got a vilent cold standin' in his
pressence.

"Shan't I take that anshient circus tent?" said he, pintin' to my
umbreller, "and lock it up in the safe?"

I made no reply to this onmanerly interogetory, but strikin' an attitude
of pain, give him one of those gazes which BEN BUTLER allers makes tell,
in tryin' criminal cases.

I looked at that clerk cross-eyed, and it made him squirm.

I wasen't blind--not much.

That clerk wanted to steel _that_ umbreller, to send to HORRIS GREELEY,
so the Filosifer could keep the reign storms of Tammany from spatterin'
his white cote.

I understood his little dodge and nipped it.

"Snowball," said I, addressin' a dark skinned individual with a white
apern, while I was seated at the dinner table, "what in the deuce makes
all your dishes so small?"

"Dem is for one pusson, sah," said he. "Dat is an indiwidual butter
dish, sah. Dem is indiwidual vegetable dishes--and dat's an indiwidual
salt-cellar, sah," said he, pintin' to each piece of crockery.

I was hungry, and the crockery was soon empty.

Seein' a platter of ice cream down the table aways, I got up onto my
feet, and havin' a good long arm, reached for it.

It was awful cold, and sot my stumps to achin'.

I got one holler tooth full of the stuff.

"Snowball," said I, "look here."

"Well, sah?" he replied.

"I've got my tooth full of that cold puddin'," said I, pintin' to the
dish; "please bring me an individual toothpick, so I can dig it out."
He vanished. I coulden't wait, so I undertook to dig it out with my
fork.

A man opposite me, who thot heed play smart, sent word to the
tavern-keeper that I was swollerin' his forks.

Up comes the tavern-keeper, and ketchin' holt of my cote coller, shaked
me out in the middle of the dinin'-room floor.

"What in thunder are you about?" says I.

"Old man," says he, "them forks cost $9.00 a dozen. How many have you
swallered?"

"Not a gol darned fork," hollered I as loud as I could screem. Gittin'
onto my feet, I pulled off my cote and vest, and if I didn't make the
fur fly, and give that 'ere tavern-keeper the nisest little polishin'
off mortal man ever become acquainted with, then I don't understand the
roodiments of the English prize ring.

At Central Park, that hily cultivated forrest, the sharpers tried to
chissel me.

Just as I approched the gate which leads into the Park, a fansy lookin'
feller with short hair and plad briches stopt me and says: "Unkle, you'r
fair."

"You're a man of excellent judgment," I replide; "I think I am pooty
good lookin' for a man of my years."

"You don't undertand me, sir," he agin said. "Come down with your
stamps."

"My which?" said I, turnin' a little red in the face.

"Your gate money," he replied, tryin' to shove me back. "We charge $1.00
for goin' in here."

"You do, do you?" said I, wavin' my umbreller over his head
threatenin' manner. "When our goverment resooms speshie payment agin
maybe I'le send you a silver dollar with a hole into it, and maybe I
won't; it will depend a good deal on the pertater crop."

I was very much agitated. Pullin' out my silver watch I says: "My sweet
sented Plumbob, if you don't histe your butes away from that gate in 2
seconds I'le bust your biler with this 'ere bunch of bones," and I
tickled the end of his probocis with my fist, as I gently rubbed it
under his smeller.

He saw heed caught a Tarter, in fact, a regular Tarter emetic, and he
slunk away rather sudden.

I had sent too many of such skinamelinks to the clay banks when I was
Gustice of the Peece to allow 'em to fool me much.

I visited WOOD'S Museum to see the wacks figgers and things.

The statutes of the 12 Apostles attracted my attention.

"And this," said a ministerial long-faced lookin' man, with a white
choker, "is the last supper.--What a sagacious eye has PETER got--How
doubtful THOMAS looks--MATTHEW is in deep thought, probly thinkin' of
the times he was a fisherman. What a _longin'_ look in that astoot
eye," said he, nudgin' me with his gold-headed cane.

"Yes," said I, "he is probly _longin'_ for that 'ere dish of ham and
eggs, in the middle of the table."

"Look at SIMON," he continered. "See! his eye rests upon his rite hand,
which is closed beside him on the table. His lips are parted as if he
was going to say--

"SIMON says thumbs up," I quickly replide, interruptin' him. I diden't
mean anything disrespectful to nobody, but that 'ere man flew into a
vilent rage.

"Can it be, that a soul so devoid of poetry lives in this age?" said he.
"My venerable friend, I blush for you--yes, I blush for you, you are
devoid of sentiment."

"Look here, Captin," said I, "you may be a good preacher and all that
sort of thing. Excuse me for sayin' it, you hain't a BEECHER--Skarcely.
H. WARD soots me--He is chock full of sentiment--at the same time he can
relish a joak ekal to the best of us. Mix a little sunshine with that
gloomy lookin' countenance of yours. Don't let people of the world think
they must draw down their faces and colaps, because a man joaks about a
lot of wacks figgers dressed up in 6 penny caliker. Them's the kind of
sentiment which ales me every time." Sayin' which I storked
contemptously out of the wacks figger department.

I shall remain a few days in the big city, friend PUNCHINELLO, and if
the citizens of New York insist on givin' me a reception at the City
Hall, I will submit to the sacrifice, especially if the vitels are well
cookt. Ewers on a scare up,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustice of the Peece._

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CENSUS ENUMERATOR'S PLAINT.

    The names that these newspapers call us
      Are hardest of all to surmount,
    They say Mayor HALL may o'erhaul us;
      He claims that our count is no 'count.

    I never had any such trouble
      In registering voters down South,
    I set every nigger down double
      And put the whites down in the mouth.

    But here they're so very exacting
      They kick up a row, don't you know?
    Though under instructions we're acting
      In playing our figures "for low."

    I try to play Sharpe in these matters,
      I dodge all the bricks and spittoons--
    (Curse that bull-dog! he's torn to tatters
      The seat of my best pantaloons!)

    A tailor refused me admission,
      And said he "vould shoot mit his gun,"
    So I, out of Shear opposition,
      Counted him and eight others for one.

    While not in the habit of swearing,
      I can't but be slightly profane
    To hear these New Yorkers declaring
      Their names have been taken in vain.

       *       *       *       *       *

The most appropriate kind of dish on which to serve up Horseflesh

A Charger.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: SEVERE ON BYRON BUBBS.

_Bubbs_. "DOES YOUR SISTER NETTIE EVER TALK ABOUT ME?"

_Little Rose_. "OH, YES! I HEARD HER TELL MA, YESTERDAY, YOU HAD SUCH A
BEAUTIFUL NECK, SO LONG THAT IT WOULD DO TO TIE IN A DOUBLE BOW-KNOT!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

BY GEORGE!

(_Concluded_.)

LAKE GEORGE, N. Y., Sept. 12.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: "SLUKER," continued the long-haired man in an
absent-minded manner, "was a _corker_! there is no mistake about that.

Like the Ghost at BOOTH'S, he was a terror to the peaceful Hamlet. He
was always getting up shindys without the slightest provocation, and was
evidently possessed of the unpleasant ambition, as well as ability, to
whale the entire township in detachments of one.

Things got to be so bad after a while that the bark was rubbed off every
tree in town on account of the people incontinently shinning up them
whenever SLUKER came in sight.

It was no unusual thing to see business entirely suspended for hours,
while SLUKER marched up and down the main street, whistling, with his
hands in his pockets, and every soul in the place, from the minister
down, roosting as high as they could get, six on a branch, sometimes.

Matters went on in this way until one day a little incident occurred
that somewhat discouraged this gentle youth. He had just returned from a
discussion with a butcher, (from the effects of which the latter now
sleeps in the valley,) when a party of his fellow-townsmen entered the
store in which he was loafing, and ordered a coil of half-inch rope from
New York by the morning's train.

It was the Overland route that SLUKER took for California, and when his
aged mother heard that three eyes had been gouged out in one day in the
Golden City, she wept tears of joy. Her fond heart told her that the
perilous journey was over, and her darling boy was safe.

After ten years of a brilliant career he bethought him again of the
place of his birth. His heart yearned for the gentle delights,--the
heavy laden trees--of his boyhood's home. He said he must go.

His friends said he must go, too. In fact they had already appointed a
select and vigilant Committee to see him safely on his way.

In some respects SLUKER came back an altered man. The stamp of change
was on his noble face, indeed it had been stamped on itself, until it
looked like a wax doll under a hot stove. But he still retained his
warlike spirit.

There was not so much chance of indulging it now, however. The Fire
Company had disbanded, and nearly every one had grown rich enough to own
a shot-gun. There was only one chance left.

He joined the Presbyterian Choir.

Not that he had much of a voice, though he used to play 'Comin' thro'
the Rye' oh the fiddle sometimes, until he got it going _through him_ so
much he couldn't draw a note.

Nobody would have taken them if he had.

Well, SLUKER had a pretty warm time of it in the Choir, and enjoyed
himself very much, until they got a new Organist who pitched every thing
in 'high C,' which was this young man's strong lead.

As the Choir always sang in G, of coarse, there was a row the first
Sunday, and it was generally understood that SLUKER was going to fix
MIDDLERIB that night.

When the evening service commenced, and the Choir was about to begin,
the congregation were startled by an ominous click in the gallery, and
looking up, they beheld SLUKER covering the Organist's second shirt-stud
with his revolver.

"Give us G, Mr. MIDDLERIB, if you please!" he said blandly.

But the pirate on the high C's refused to Gee, and Whoa was the natural
result.

The confusion that followed was terrible: SLUKER fired at everybody.
MIDDLERIB hit him with the music stool. The soprano was thrown over the
railing, and somebody turned off the gas.

In the ensuing darkness every one skirmished for themselves. SLUKER took
off his boots and hunted for MIDDLERIB in his stocking feet.

Suddenly he heard a single note on the 'high C.' He groped his way to
the keyboard, but there was no one there.

The solution rushed upon him,--MIDDLERIB must be _in_ the organ.

He crept round to the handle and bore his weight on it.

It was too true; the unhappy wretch had cut a hole in the bellows and
crawled in. But for his ruling passion he would have escaped.

There were a few muffled groans as the handle slowly descended upon the
doomed man, and as the breath rushed out of his body into his favorite
pipe, the wild 'high C of agony that ran through the sacred edifice
told them that all was over.

Let us draw a vail over the horrid picture."

       *       *       *

I was very much interested in this story, very much indeed, and so I
jostled the long-haired man--who was about falling asleep--and asked him
if anything was done to this wicked SLUKER.

He looked at me reproachfully. "What's the matter with you, my friend?"
he said, in the same melancholy voice. "Don't you know who I am? I write
for the _Ledger_, and whenever 'I draw a vail, etc.,' that ends it, that
does!"

As we stepped from the steamer to the landing, I observed a youth of
about six summers dressed in the most elaborately agonizing manner. He
had two Schutzenfest targets in his cuffs; in one hand he held an
enormous cane, in the other a cigar, and through an eyeglass he gazed at
the ankles on the gang-plank with an air of patient weariness with this
slow old world that was very touching.

"Where," I exclaimed as I surveyed this show-card of a fast generation,
"O! where have our _children_ vanished? Take from childhood the
sparkling water of its purity--the sugar of its innocent affections--its
ardent but refreshing spirits--and what, ah! what have we left?"

"Nothing," said the melancholy voice at my elbow. "Absolutely nothing
save the mint and the straw!"

And he was right, my dear PUNCHINELLO, he was right.

SAGINAW DODD.

       *       *       *       *       *

"SOLEMN SILENCE."

Perhaps very few persons--and especially very few members of the
Republican party--are aware that a monument to ABRAHAM LINCOLN has at
last been completed, and that it has been placed on the site allotted
for it in Union Square. It is very creditable to the Republican Party
that they exercised such control over their feelings when the day for
unveiling the LINCOLN Monument arrived. Some parties might have made a
demonstration on the occasion of post-mortuary honors being accorded to
a leader whom they professed to worship while he lived, and whom they
demi-deified after his death. No such extravagant folly can be laid at
the door of the Republican Party. "Let bygones be bygones" is their
motto. They allowed their "sham ABRAHAM," in heroic bronze, to be
hoisted on to his pedestal in Union Square in solitude and silence. That
was commendable. A live ass is better than a dead lion; and so the
Republican Party, who consider themselves very much alive, went to look
after their daily thistles and left their dead lion in charge of a
policeman.

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

LOTTA is lithe; (which is alliterative,) pretty, piquant, and addicted
to the banjo. The latter characteristic is inseparable from her. In
whatever situation the dramatist may place her, whether in a London
drawing-room or a Cockney kitchen, whether on an Algerian battle-field
or in a California mining-camp, she is certain to produce the inevitable
banjo, and to sing the irrepressible comic song. In fact, her plays are
written not for LOTTA, but for LOTTA'S banjo. The dramatist takes the
presence of the banjo as the central fact of his drama, and weaves his
plot around it. His play is made on the model of that celebrated drama
written to introduce Mr. CRUMMLES'S pump and tubs. Thus does he preserve
the sacred unity of LOTTA and the banjo.

_Heart's Ease_--in which she is now playing at NIBLO'S Garden, is
plainly born of the banjo, and lives for that melodious instrument
alone. The author said to himself, "A California mining-camp would be a
nice place for a banjo solo." Wherefore he conceived the camp, with a
chorus of red-shirted miners. Wherefore too, he created a comic Yankee
who should be eccentric enough to bring a banjo to the camp, and a lover
who should be charmed by its touching strains. It required a prologue
and three acts to enable him to successfully introduce the banjo. In a
somewhat condensed form, these acts and this prologue are here set
forth.

PROLOGUE. _A seedy husband who is audaciously palmed upon the public as
a Reasoning Animal is discovered in a London garret, with a
healthy-looking wife, in a rapid consumption_.

REASONING ANIMAL. "I loved you, my dear, and therefore brought you from
a comfortable home to this dreary garret. I cannot bear to leave you, so
I will go out for a walk." (_The bell rings, and the wife's mother,
brother and family physician enter._)

MOTHER. "You must leave your husband and come home and live with us."

BROTHER. "Of course you must. You need not hesitate about a little thing
like that. Go into the other room and consult the Doctor. Here comes
your husband." (_Re-enter_ REASONING ANIMAL.)

REASONING ANIMAL. "Her berrotherr! Herre!"

BROTHER, "Yes. You can't support your wife. The Doctor says she needs
nice parties and other necessaries of life. Give her to us, and go to
California."

REASONING ANIMAL. "I will. Bring her here till I embrace her. (_She is
brought._) Farewell, my dear. I will go and make my fortune."

WIFE. "Take our little girl with you."

REASONING ANIMAL. "I will, for she needs a mother's care. Good-bye!
Leave me to weep and wash the baby's face and hands alone."

ACT I.--_Scene, a California mining-camp. Various miners of assorted
nationalities--one of each--hard at work lying on the ground._

1ST MINER. "I want more whiskey."

CHORUS. "So do we."

2ND MINER. "MAY WILDROSE won't sell any more."

CHORUS. "But she gives it to her lover."

3RD MINER. "He looks clean; he must have found a nugget. Let's kill
him."

4TH MINER. "Sh--we will." (_Enter_ MAY WILDROSE--_which her name it is_
MISS LOTTA.)

MAY. "Here comes my darling LIONEL. Let me get you some brandy, love."

LIONEL. "Certainly, my dear. How full of forethought is a true woman's
love!"

CHORUS of MINERS. "She gives it to him, but not to us. Beware, young
woman, or we will go back on you."

MAY. "No you won't. My father earns a laborious living by making me keep
a whiskey shop. We have a monopoly of the business, and you will have to
buy of us, whether you like it or not. Get out of my sight, or I'll lick
the whole boiling of you." (_They fly, and she returns to the parental
whiskey shop._)

LIONEL. "Night is coming on. I will go among the rocks; why, I don't
know, but still I will go." (_Goes. Three miners follow and attack
him._)

LIONEL. "Save me, somebody."

MAY. _Appearing suddenly with a revolver_--"You bet." (_She shoots the
miners and brings down the curtain triumphantly._)

ACT II.--_Scene--the whiskey shop of the_ REASONING ANIMAL.--LIONEL
_asleep on a bed evidently borrowed from some boarding-house--since it
is several feet too short for him_.--MAY _engaged in peeling
potatoes.--Enter_ REASONING ANIMAL.

REASONING ANIMAL. "My daughter! I see you are passionately in love with
LIONEL. Therefore, as I know him to be a fine young fellow, you must
never see him more." (_Enter_ COMIC YANKEE.)

COMIC YANKEE. "Here's your new banjo, Miss MAY. Play us something comic
and depressing."

MAY. "Thank Heaven, I can get at the banjo at last" (_Plays and is
encored a dozen times._)

COMIC YANKEE. "Miss MAY, you must go and take a walk." (_She goes._)
"LIONEL, you are well enough to leave this ranche. Get up and get."

LIONEL. "Farewell, beloved whiskey shop. Tell MAY I am going to leave
her, and give her my sketches. If she once looks at them, she can love
me no longer." (_Goes out to slow music. Re-enter_ MAY.)

MAY. "The wretch has left me without a word. I will bury his infamous
sketches under the floor. They may frighten away the rats." (_Pulls up
the floor and finds an immense nugget. Her father rushes in to see it.
Two miners also see it and try to raise it. They are promptly seen and
called by_ MAY, _who shoots one and holds the pistol pointed at the
other, while the curtain slowly falls._)

ACT III.--_Scene, a London drawing-room. Enter_ MAY, _gorgeously
dressed. Also her father, who has forgotten all about his wife, and
also_ LIONEL _and the_ COMIC YANKEE.

COMIC YANKEE. "Let us sing."

MAY. "Come on, old hoss." (_They sing and dance for an hour, such being
the pleasant custom of fashionable London society._)

MAY. "Miss CLARA! I understand you are engaged to marry LIONEL, and that
if you marry anybody else you lose your dower of twenty thousand pounds.
Sell LIONEL to me, and I will give you a check for the amount."

CLARA. "Thanks, noble stranger, there is the receipt. Hand over the
money."

LIONEL. "Dearest MAY, as you must have a pretty large bank account, to
be able to draw checks for twenty thousand pounds, I am quite sure I
love you."

MAY. "Come to my arms. Now then, everybody, how is that for high!"
(_Slow curtain, relieved by eccentric gymnastics by the_ COMIC YANKEE.)

BOY IN THE AUDIENCE. "Pa! isn't that splendid?"

DISCRIMINATING PARENT. "What! How! Who! Where am I? O, to be sure, I
came to see _Heart's Ease_, and to take my evening nap. Did LOTTA play
the banjo?"

BOY. "O didn't she just. She played and sung dead loads of times."

DISCRIMINATING PARENT. "I have had a sweet nap. My son, I think I can
now risk taking you to the minstrels. If I slept through this, I could
feel reasonably sure of sleeping through even the dark conundrums and
sentimental colored ballads. There is only a shade of difference between
the two styles of performance, and that slight shade is only burnt
cork."

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Mural Decorations in Rome.

The "dead walls" of Rome, as we learn from the telegrams, were lately
placarded with immense posters proclaiming the Italian Republic.

Rome being an "Eternal City," we were not previously aware that any of
her walls were dead. If they are, however, it may be that the posters of
the posters referred to took that method of bringing them to life again,
which may be looked on as a _post mortem_ proceeding.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE RETORT COURTEOUS.

_Newly-arrived Briton._ "ENGLISH SPARROWS?--IMPOSSIBLE. WHY, THEY CHIRP
THROUGH THEIR LITTLE NOSES LIKE WEGULAR YANKEES."

_Park-Keeper._ "WELL, I DON'T KNOW, BUT IT TAKES TWO MEN AND A CART,
EVERY DAY TO REMOVE THE 'Hs' DROPPED BY THEM ABOUT THE PARK."]

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR PORTFOLIO.

PARIS, FIRST WEEK OF THE REPUBLIC, 1870.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO: Things are becoming so mixed here that I am thinking
of retiring to Tours with the other tourists. The city is all on the
go--that is to say, the non-combatants are all going out of it as fast
as possible.

GAMBETTA left here the early part of the week, and it was better for him
that he should. I wouldn't give a _sou_ for any of these republicans if
they chance to fall into the clutches of King WILLIAM. It is reported
that he has issued an order for the strangulation of all French children
between the ages of three and five, in reprisal for the treacherous
blowing up of Germans at Laon.

BISMARCK has requested the privilege of cooking ROCHEFORT'S mutton for
him, should he be taken alive when Paris falls. What he means by
"cooking his mutton" has not yet transpired, but it is gloomily
vaticinated that he intends to boil him down. ROCHEFORT mutton with
caper sauce ought to satisfy the epicurean taste of BISMARCK, especially
as ROCHEFORT would cease his caperings from that hour. Late last night
there was an alarm in the city that the whole Prussian army was at
Noisy-le-Sec. As you may have suspected, a noisy demonstration followed
this announcement.

I got out of bed, rang the bell, and requested the _concierge_ to bring
me an auger. The man looked a little astonished at what he undoubtedly
considered a strange request.

For a man to get out of bed in the middle of the night and call for an
auger, was indeed a trifle peculiar. When he brought it, I increased his
astonishment by proceeding to bore a hole through the top of my trunk.

"_C'est un imbecile_," said the concierge, retreating a step or two.

"Not much," I retorted, boring away with renewed vigor. Presently the
orifice was made. Into it I thrust an Alpen stock which had accompanied
me in many a toilsome march through Switzerland, and lifting the lid,
took from the cradle of the trunk a star-spangled banner made of silk,
which had been presented to me by the Young Men's Christian Association
of New York, prior to my departure for Europe, as a token of their
esteem for my services in the capacity of a "reformed drunkard." I
fastened the flag to the stock, put my boots, clothes and other
valuables on top of the trunk, and in a voice intended to express my
defiance of King WILLIAM and his German Lagerheads, spoke these words:

     Wave fearless, there, thou standard sheet!
       That Yankee trunk and all it holds
     (Though Prussian hirelings throng each street)
       Is safe beneath thy starry folds!

Saying which I dismissed the humiliated _concierge_, took a drink, blew
out the _bougie_, and sank into the arms of "Tired nature's sweet
restorer."

Instances like the above are quite common among Americans in Paris. It
was only the other day at the depot of the _Chemin de fer du Nord_ that
I saw a sick Bostonian sitting on his trunk outside the gates, waiting
for a chance to get into the train, with a Skye-terrier between his legs
wrapped in the American flag. You easily get accustomed to such sights,
and don't think anything about them.

Yesterday I called at the office of the American Minister. I gave the
porter my card, and asked if "WASH." was in. He eyed me strangely. (Most
people when they first see me generally do. I have thought sometimes
that a certificate of good character posted conspicuously about my
person would obviate this--but as they say here, "_n' importe_.")

"I'll see," said the porter, in reply to my question. He walked off,
taking with him the door mat, an umbrella that stood in the hall, four
coats and three hats that hung on the rack, besides numerous other small
portable articles of _vertu_ that would have come handy for a
professional "lifter."

I did not consider this movement a reflection upon my character, for it
seemed but appropriate that he should do it. "What," said I to myself,
"are porters for, but to remove portable articles?"

"WASH" was in, and fortunately for me, too, as I obtained a bit of news
that has not yet been printed in the cable dispatches from "Private
Sources."

It came by letter from General FORSYTH, SHERIDAN'S aide-de-camp and Lord
High Chamberlain, and was to the effect that SHERIDAN had not tasted a
drop of whiskey or uttered an oath since landing in Germany. WASH, asked
me to communicate the fact to you with the request that you would
forward it to the "Society for the Encouragement of Practical Piety" at
Boston. He also told me that, between looking after German interests in
Paris and receiving ovations from enthusiastic mobs, he didn't think he
could do justice to his salary.

"WASH," says I, "it isn't so much that, as it is that the salary doesn't
do justice to you. If that's the case speak right out; PUNCHINELLO can
fix it for you." This took WASH. so suddenly that he couldn't speak, but
his eyes were running over with language. Don't move in the matter,
however, till you hear from me again, when I shall have something more
to tell you about the march of the Prussians to this capital, and the
capital march I propose to make out of it.

Yours, in a revolutionary state, DICK TINTO.

       *       *       *       *       *

NEW PUBLICATIONS.

MONSIEUR SYLVESTRE. By GEORGE SAND. Boston: ROBERTS BROTHERS.

A welcome version of one of Madame DUDEVANT'S novels, well rendered into
English by Mr. F.G. SHAW. It is issued in very neat and attractive
form, and is one of a series of the SAND novels, publishing by Messrs.
ROBERTS.

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Are offering                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   A SPLENDID COLLECTION OF                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW SILKS,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |             The largest they have ever offered,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                 BLACK AND WHITE CHECK SILKS,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                         $1 per yard.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                  COLORED RAYE GROS GRAINS,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         $l per yard.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                EXTRA HEAVY RAYE GROS GRAINS,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  FOR SUITS, $1.25 per yard.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |       A VERY LARGE COLLECTION OF NEW CANNELE STRIPES,        |
  |                                                              |
  |              For young ladies, $1.50 per yard.               |
  |                                                              |
  |        2 CASES GRISALE STRIPES, EXCELLENT QUALITIES,         |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.25 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                  EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS IN                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Rich Wide Fancy Silks, Only $2 per yard, Formerly $4 and $5  |
  |                          per yard.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |           A Choice assortment of Very Rich Ground            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     POMPADOUR BROCADES.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                            ALSO,                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Hand-Embroidered Silks.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       VERY BEAUTIFUL.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Five Hundred Pieces                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                    PLAIN & COLORED SILKS,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              Comprising all the newest shades,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                     From $2.60 per yard.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |               Several Cases of the Celebrated                |
  |                                                              |
  |                    American-Black Silks,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                       At $2 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |              Guaranteed to wash and wear well.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                     An immense stock of                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLACK SILKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |            Of Bonnet's and Ponson's manufacture.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Also, the A. T. S. & Co.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FAMILY SILK,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 From $2 per yard and upward.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Have made large additions to their stock of Five-Frame    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ENGLISH BRUSSELS,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.75 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                      English Brussels,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                Confined Styles, $2 per yard.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Very Best Quality                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ENGLISH TAPESTRY BRUSSELS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                       $1.30 per yard.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                       FRENCH MOQUETTES                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          AXMINSTERS                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    $3.50 and $4 per yard.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        ROYAL WILTONS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |             Best Quality, $2.60 and $3 per yard.             |
  |                                                              |
  |                     CROSSLEY'S VELVETS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |               Choice Designs, $2.50 per yard.                |
  |                                                              |
  |      And they are receiving by each and every steamer,       |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NOVELTIES,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                       as they appear.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Superfine Ingrains, 3-Plys.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     English and Domestic                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                 OILCLOTHS, RUGS, MATS, ETC.,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      At Reduced Prices.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                          PUNCHINELLO.                        |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  | Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The     |
  | Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the     |
  | Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever          |
  | published in America.                                        |
  |                                                              |
  | CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL.                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)      $4.00  |
  | "           "  six months, (without premium,)          2.00  |
  | "           "  three months, "         "               1.00  |
  | Single copies mailed free, for                          .10  |
  |                                                              |
  | We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S   |
  | CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:                        |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year, and                            |
  |                                                              |
  | "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.         |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for            $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $3.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Wild Roses. 12-1/8 x 9.                                      |
  | Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                                   |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/4 x 10-1/4--for                   $5.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $5.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | Group of Chickens;                                           |
  | Group of Ducklings;                                          |
  | Group of Quails. Each 10 x 12-1/8.                           |
  | The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14.                               |
  | The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.               |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12--for  $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $6.00 chromos:                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The Baby in Trouble; The Unconscious Sleeper; The Two        |
  | Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4.                  |
  | Spring; Summer: Autumn; 12-7/8 x 16-1/8.                     |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. ll x 17-1/2--for                $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $7.50 chromos                                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Strawberries and Baskets.                                    |
  | Cherries and Baskets.                                        |
  | Currants. Each 13 x 18.                                      |
  | Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4.                          |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for    $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and Six American Landscapes.    |
  | (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9, price $9.00--for                   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of paper for one year and either of the               |
  | following $10 chromos:                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12                |
  | Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                                     |
  | Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-3/8.                        |
  | Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromos,)              |
  | 15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),     |
  | for $10.00                                                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank   |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  | sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not       |
  | otherwise ordered.                                           |
  |                                                              |
  | Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,    |
  | twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in         |
  | advance; the CHROMOS will be mailed free on receipt of       |
  | money.                                                       |
  |                                                              |
  | CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be       |
  | given. For special terms address the Company.                |
  |                                                              |
  | The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of    |
  | seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A      |
  | specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or      |
  | getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.              |
  |                                                              |
  | Address,                                                     |
  |                                                              |
  | PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                                  |
  |                                                              |
  | P.O. Box 2783.                                               |
  |                                                              |
  | No. 83 Nassau Street, New York.                              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

[Illustration: _Butcher_, "HA! I SHOULD LIKE TO CATCH THE DOG
THAT PLAYED ME THAT 'ERE TRICK!--I'D BULLETIN HIM!"]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "THE PRINTING HOUSE OF THE UNITED STATES"           |
  |                                                              |
  |                             AND                              |
  |                                                              |
  |          "THE UNITED STATES ENVELOPE MANUFACTORY."           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEORGE F. NESBITT & CO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |    163, 165, 167, 169 Pearl St., & 73,75,77,79 Pine St.,     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          New York.                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Execute all kinds of                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTING,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Furnish all kinds of                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STATIONERY,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Make all kinds of                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                         BLANK BOOKS,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Execute the finest styles of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                         LITHOGRAPHY                          |
  |                                                              |
  |   Make the Best and Cheapest ENVELOPES Ever offered to the   |
  |                           Public.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |   They have made all the prepaid Envelopes for the United    |
  |   States Post-Office Department for the past 16 years, and   |
  | have INVARIABLY BEEN THE LOWEST BIDDERS. Their Machinery is  |
  | the most complete, rapid and economical known in the trade.  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |  Travelers West and South-West Should bear in mind that the  |
  |                                                              |
  |   ERIE RAILWAY IS BY FAR THE CHEAPEST, QUICKEST, AND MOST    |
  |                      COMFORTABLE ROUTE,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |  Making Direct and Sure Connection at CINCINNATI, with all   |
  |                            Lines                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                       By Rail or River                       |
  |                                                              |
  | For NEW ORLEANS, LOUISVILLE, MEMPHIS, ST. LOUIS, VICKSBURG,  |
  |    NASHVILLE, MOBILE And All Points South and South-west.    |
  |                                                              |
  |    It's DRAWINGS-ROOM and SLEEPING COACHES on all Express    |
  |  Trains, running through to Cincinnati without chance, are   |
  |   the most elegant and spacious used upon any Road in this   |
  |  country, being fitted up in the most elaborate manner, and  |
  |  having every modern improvement introduced for the comfort  |
  |   of its patrons; running upon the BROAD GUAGE; revealing    |
  |  scenery along the Line unequalled upon this Continent, and  |
  |   rendering a trip over the ERIE, one of the delights and    |
  |         pleasures of this life not to be forgotten.          |
  |                                                              |
  |   By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co., Nos.   |
  |  241, 529 and 957 Broadway, 205 Chambers St.; 38 Greenwich   |
  |   St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338 Fulton   |
  |  St., Brooklyn: Depots foot of Chambers Street, and foot of  |
  |  23d St., New York; and the Agents at the principal hotels,  |
  | travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as well as |
  |                all the necessary information.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Joy of Autumn," "Prairie    |
  |            Flowers," "Lake George," "West Point."            |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of which was issued under date of April 2.  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are inclosed.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  |             One copy, per year, in advance $4.00             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Single copies, 10                       |
  |                                                              |
  | A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the receipt of ten  |
  |                            cents.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other magazine |
  |               or paper, price, $2.50 for 5.50                |
  |                                                              |
  |  One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for 7.00   |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  P.O. Box, 2788, NEW YORK.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                    HARPER'S PERIODICALS.                     |
  |                                                              |
  | The periodicals which the Harpers publish are almost ideally |
  |              well edited.--_The Nation, N. Y._               |
  |                                                              |
  |                       HARPER'S WEEKLY.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |  The best and most interesting illustrated newspaper. --_N.  |
  |                           Y. Sun._                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       HARPER'S BAZAR.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |     A REPOSITORY OF FASHION, PLEASURE, AND INSTRUCTION.      |
  |                                                              |
  | The young lady who buys a single number of HARPER'S BAZAR is |
  |       made subscriber for life.--_N. Y. Evening Post._       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      HARPER'S MAGAZINE.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |  The most popular Monthly in the world.--_N. Y. Observer._   |
  |                                                              |
  | The Best Monthly Periodical, not in this country alone, but  |
  |        in the English language.--_The Press_, Phila.         |
  |                                                              |
  |       Terms for HARPER'S MAGAZINE, WEEKLY, and BAZAR.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |              Harper's Magazine, One Year $4.00               |
  |                                                              |
  |               Harper's Weekly, One Year $4.00                |
  |                                                              |
  |                Harper's Bazar, One Year $4.00                |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |  HARPER'S MAGAZINE, HARPER'S WEEKLY, and HARPER'S BAZAR, to  |
  |   one address, for one year, $10.00; or any two for $7.00,   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Address, HARPER & BROTHERS, New York.             |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

GEO. W. WHEAT & Co, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.








End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello Vol. 2, No. 28, October 8,
1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO VOL. 2, NO. 28 ***

***** This file should be named 10036.txt or 10036.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/3/10036/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Alaska Indian Dictionary, by Charles A. Lee

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Alaska Indian Dictionary
Aleutian Indian and English Dictionary: Common Words In The Dialects Of
The Aleutian Indian Language: As Spoken By The Oogashik, Egashik, Egegik,
Anangashuk And Misremie Tribes Around Sulima River And Neighboring Parts
Of The Alaska Peninsula

Author: Charles A. Lee

Release Date: November 10, 2003 [EBook #10040]

Language: English and Aleutian

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALASKA INDIAN DICTIONARY ***




Produced by David Starner, Clare Boothby and PG Distributed Proofreaders








                ALASKA INDIAN
                  DICTIONARY

                 COMPILED BY
                CHARLES A. LEE

                     1896



          Aleutian Indian And English
                  Dictionary

              Common Words In The
        Dialects Of The Aleutian Indian
                   Language

               As Spoken By The
   Oogashik, Egashik, Egegik, Anangashuk And
      Misremie Tribes Around Sulima River
         And Neighboring Parts Of The
               Alaska Peninsula

                 Compiled By
                Charles A. Lee

                Oogashik, 1896


       *       *       *       *       *


PREFACE

The author, in placing this little book before the public, feels that
in so doing he adds his mite to the useful and timely literature of
the day. The ground has not been covered before, and all travelers in
the Alaskan Peninsula will appreciate to its fullest extent the purpose
of this work.

The aborigines of this far away country have no written language, and
this work aims to put before the traveler or trader a means of
communication with this people which it is hoped will be of mutual
benefit to both.

Many years of residence in this country and thorough familiarity with
its people, have, we believe, well equipped us for the realization of
our task.
          THE AUTHOR


       *       *       *       *       *


Alaska Indian Dictionary.


A

Anchor........................Cets-yuk.
Arrow.........................Rakik-vit.
Arm...........................Tat lik.
Anger, exclamation of.........E-ke.
Almanac, date.................Shis-lak.
Above, up.....................Mia.
All right, good...............A-shik-tuk.
Ahead, go, to take............Cita.
All gone......................Beachie-muk, or Beduk.


B

Bad, ugly, no good............Asi-duk.
By and by, soon, after........Ataku
Beer--made of flour...........Ma-cooloe, or Bi-vak.
Big, large, great.............Bul-shoi.
Beaver........................Ba-luk-tak.
Beans.........................Bo-bik.
Bread.........................Cla-oahk, or Clip-par.
Breast........................Cat-gat.
Box, chest....................Ca-sik.
Butter........................Mus-lik.
Boy, young man................Malt-jiska.
Bag, pouch....................Mu-shuk.
Black, sunburnt...............Rap-kie.
Biscuit.......................Shuko-lenik.
Brush.........................Charie-duk.
Bear..........................Ta go ga.
Bring, here...................Tie-de-kruk.
Blankets......................U-lik.
Bend, to hide.................Laffa-lutten.
Building, house...............Damo.
Brave, get out................U-na.
Believe, to think.............Ba-talie.
Break, to spoil...............Cup-li-ku.
Buy, to sell..................Ca-bu-shak.
Book, paper, letter...........Cali-kam.
Below, down...................U-na-nie.
Boat..........................Ba-lia.
Bless, to cross...............Ma-lish-ie.
Beluga or white whale.........Ba-tuku.
Bacon.........................Shit-Dinkie.
Barrel, keg...................Bou-ska.


C

Codfish.......................A-te-pa.
Chewing tobacco...............Agolo-kuluk.
Cartridge.....................Ba-tlouk.
Cover, to cover...............Ba-tua.
Church........................Chur-ko.
Coffee........................Caffie-amuk.
Close by, short distance......Lak-shini-tuk.
Church warden.................Sta-rosta.
Calico........................Shit-sak.
Coal..........................U-klie.
Coal oil, preacher............Ca-shak.
Cry, to make noise............Cia lu-ten.
Carry.........................Elak-yuk.
Cross, to bless...............Ma-lish-ie.
Clean, to drink...............Shak-shak.
Cap, hat......................Sla-bak.
Cold, old, year, winter.......Snik.
Chief, king...................Ty-on.
Come here.....................Tia-lutten.
Cup...........................Chie-shak.
Change........................Uk-liku.
Come, to return...............Atteirie-rie-kuk.
Cooking, pot..................As-juk.
Capsize, to turn over.........Baluk-liku.
Cooper........................Bou-skie.
Coat..........................La-mie.


D

Door, to shut the door........Batu-luko.
Deer..........................Elinec.
Dried Salmon..................Ehku-lanie.
Dance, festivity..............Que-elat.
Dislike, exclamation of.......Chin.
Don't drop that...............Chak-enilshu.
Dig, to mine, mineral.........Com-juk.
Drilling, sheeting............Mit-kalie.
Don't know....................Mat-loun.
Drink, to Clean...............Shak-shak.
Duck..........................Shako lu-gen.
Disgust, exclamation of.......U-nalu keja.
Down, below...................U na-nie.
Day after tomorrow............U-naku-miatsku.
Distance, long, far away......Iak-shik-tuk.
Dog...........................Sa-baccca.
Date, Almanac.................Shis-lak.
Dog harness...................Ela-kat.


E

Empty, nothing................Bu-kau-coku.
Egg...........................Ca yaunk, also Ma-nik.
Eat, strychnine...............Qi-shak.
Engine, machinery, reloading tools
  ............................Ma-shin-ak.
Extinguish....................Nipo-muko.
Ears..........................Tin-duk.
Ebb, to go away...............Te-ire-duk.
Enough........................Tawia.


F

Fishing boat..................Ba-lia.
Father........................Baba rat.
Finger........................Cuni-umen.
Fire..........................Ca-nak.
Fill up with water............Emer-isna.
Foot..........................Et-kat.
Far away, long distance.......Qak shik-tok.
Festivity, dance..............Que-elat.
Fur...........................Musk-roa.
Flour.........................Mu-kak.
Frying-pan....................Skal-tuk.
Fetch here....................Toe-skin.
Fish, salmon..................Ariba, also Sa-yak.


G

Good, all right...............A-shik-tuk.
Great number, plenty..........Min-nuko, also Eme lik-tuk.
Get out, brave................U-na.
Go home.......................Toa-lutten.
Go to.........................Akie, also Akink.
Get out of the way............Aw wa.
Gone..........................Be-duk.
Great, big, large.............Bul-shoi.
Go ahead, to take.............Cita.
Grouse........................Cola baska.
Give to me....................Emik-rue.
Go that way...................Qachun.
Goose.........................La-yik.
Good (Russian)................Siabna.
Gong..........................Cheaw jak.
Go ahead more.................Chal-lie.
Good day, greeting............Chie-moca, also Chu-mia.
Go away, to ebb...............Tie-ire-duk.
Girl..........................Tueb-jouski.
Grass.........................U-bou-gik.
Gunpowder.....................Bo-ruk.
Gray wolf.....................Ca-yanie.


H

Hand..........................Arkat, also Aig-what.
Hot cakes, slap jacks.........Alat-jes.
Heavy.........................Ak-tanak-tuk.
Higher degree.................Bic ber-becka-luni.
Handkerchief..................Bla-tuk.
Hurry up, go faster...........Chuka-lutten.
Half..........................Cup-muk.
How many, how much............Copt-jinik
Half of.......................Cu-pa.
Heavy rope....................Elaf-kuk.
Hide, to bend.................Laffa-lutten.
Here..........................Wai, also ma-na.
Hair..........................Nu jat.
Head..........................Na-shuk.
How, who......................Nalima, nau-gau, e-na-ma.
Hunting.......................Shuk-tie, also Layik-shuk-tie.
Hat...........................Sla-bok.
Hour, watch...................Cha-sat.
Hatchet.......................Ta-puluk.
Horns.........................Cherun-rak.
Harpoon.......................Tak-shit.
House.........................Domo.
Hot, warm.....................Ukt-nactuk.
Hammer........................Mallie-tuk.
Holiday.......................Bras snik.


I

I thank you (Russian).........Bassie-pa.
I will not....................Buft-jini-toa.
I don't like to...............Beningen-rituk.
Ill humor.....................Comak luk.
I thank you for what I ate....Co-yana.
Inside, in the house..........Ca-manie.
I give to you.................Cun-nie.
In............................In liku.
I don't know..................Nat-loun.
In that direction.............I-gai.
In the village................Co-nan-nie.
I, me.........................Min-gee.


J

Joking........................Lingen aka.
Jacket........................Bal-duk.


K

Kiss, to kiss.................Betchie-luko.
Knife.........................Nu-shuk.
King salmon...................Taria-kuk.
Kettle........................Chij-nie.
King Salmon River.............Cocto bik.
Kulicadak River...............Culicu daknie.
Key, lock, to lock............Cluts-juk.
Know, to think................Ba-nem mia.
Keep quiet....................Slades.


L

Land otter....................O-ka-ja.
Large, big, great.............Bul-shoi.
Letter, paper, book...........Cali-kam.
Lock, to lock, key............Cluts-juk.
Linen, thread.................Cluk-yak.
Lie, to tell a lie............Ek-lut.
Liar..........................Eklu ten.
Leg...........................E-rut.
Lead..........................Emar-ganuk.
Load, loaded..................Emerk-tuk
Leaf tobacco..................Ig-mik.
Lamp..........................Lam-bak.
Look out now..................Lengen-aka
Lard..........................Man-tenka.
Look, to see..................Ma-gut.
Look here, listen.............Tauk-ru.
Long distance.................Iak-shik-tuk.
Leave, to walk................A-jak-tuk.


M

Much, Many, very..............Men-nuco, also Au-gte.
Make, to work.................Ala-bur-tut.
Molasses......................Bata-kak.
Mink..........................Copt-jik-shuk.
Mad, angry....................Comuk-tuk.
Mine, mineral, to dig.........Com-juk.
Moccasins.....................Comuk-saks.
Moon, Mouth...................Ira-luk.
Mittens.......................Lum-shuks.
Many years to you, a new year's greeting
  ............................Men-nuco-elatta.
Machinery, engine, reloading gear
  ............................Mashin-ak.
Mast, pole, stick.............Na-pak-tet.
Matches.......................Spit-kanik.
Match.........................Spit-ska.
Money, to pay.................Tinkie.
Mighty, strong................Tul-ril-nik.
Me, I.........................Win-gee.
Mouth.........................Can-nent.
Make noise, to cry............Cia-luten.
More..........................Chal lie.
Moose.........................Tun-tun.


N

No good, bad..................Asi-duk.
Native--one man canoe.........Ca-yak.
Native--two man canoe.........Ca-yak-bak.
Native--three man canoe.......By-darkey.
Native--skin overcoat.........Barkey.
Native--water-proof...........Cama-linka.
Native--earth house...........Bearra-berrie.
Nothing, empty................Bukan-kuka.
Noise, disturbance............Cia-luten.
No............................Neito, also cong-a.
Nail, nails...................Ek-yuk-tel.
Now...........................Noo-lun.


O

Outside.......................Ok-man nie.
Oilskin.......................Cama-linka.
Over night, sleep.............Counk-tuk.
Over there....................Can-nia.
Out of........................In-lika.
Old, year, winter.............Snik.


P

Pants.........................Ut-ruks.
Pound.........................Ush-hak.
Pay, money....................Tinkie.
Plenty, great number..........Eme-lik-tuk.
Pot cooking...................As juk.
Parents.......................An-jiat jie.
Pillow........................Be tuska.
Preacher, coal oil............Ca-shak.
Pike..........................Cal-rek.
Paper, book, letter...........Cali-kam.
Potatoes......................Cal-tucket.
Primers.......................Cap-silak.
Pocket........................Cat manie.
Pain, sick....................Coup tuk.
Pour out, to..................Ela luko.
Pull out of, in, to...........In-liku.
Push..........................Chin-liku.
Pouch, bag....................Mu-shuk.
Pole, mast, stick.............Na pak-tet.
Pipe..........................Truth-ka.
Plate.........................Tous-jik.
Put it down...................Tick-hue.


R

Right, here, there............Wia.
Return, to come...............Al-tierie-kuk.
Revolver......................Pistol-tak.
Red fox.......................Canel lenuk.
Red rock......................Lis-sissa.
Rifle.........................Russu, also Rifet anak.
Rabbit........................Us kanat.
Rope..........................Bla-din ag.


S

Shut up.......................Cayaki-yui.
Sloop.........................Skoon-ik.
Schooner, vessel..............Skoon-ik.
Schooner, two masts...........Cayak-bak Skoon-ik.
Schooner, three masts.........Bydarkey Skoon-ik.
Stick, mast, pole.............Na pak-tet.
Salt pork.....................Shit-dinkie.
Sugar, sweet..................Shak-alak.
Sunburnt, black...............Rap kie.
Stocking......................Re-ik-tik.
Shot gun......................Na tuta.
Scissors......................Nu-shu shuk.
Sheeting......................Mit kalie.
See, to look..................Ma gut.
Soap..........................Me-lak.
Small, little.................Ma-linkie.
Spoon.........................Lu-shaka.
Shirt.........................Luma-han.
Strong, mighty................Tul-ril-nik.
Salt..........................Tarik-uk.
Shot..........................Tlo-pit.
Shoes.........................Sal-ka-ya.
Soldier.......................Sol-da-tat.
Second chief..................Sa-ga-sik.
Sit down......................Accoma-luten, also Sea-des.
Sun, day......................Shinor-huk.
Swan..........................Shakola.
Sea otter.....................Acht-nak.
Slap-jacks, hot-cakes.........Alat-jes.
Steamer.......................Bala-kula.
Smoking tobacco...............Bouj-wak.
Smoke--to smoke...............Bo-juk
Stove.........................Blilo, also Ca-minak.
Snuff, tobacco box............Bluska.
Sabbath, holiday..............Bras-snik.
Saw, to saw...................Bilok.
Sail, tent....................Blat-ka.
Sleep, one night..............Counk-tuk.
Snore.........................Cona-jak.
Spoil, to break...............Cup-liku.
Sell, to buy..................Cabu-shak.
Speak, to tell................Cop-rit.
Spyglass......................Crino etuk.
Sleigh dog....................Crik-mit.
Skates, to skate..............Can gik.
Sick pain.....................Capu tuk.
Squirrel......................Can ganit
Strychnine, eat...............Io shak.
Seal..........................I-shor-it.
Short Distance................Iak shini-tuk.
Sleigh........................I-con eak.
Store.........................Laf ka.
Shovel, to shovel.............La patka.


T

To come, to return............Al-tierie-kuk.
To sit down...................Accoma-luten, also Sea-des.
To make, to work..............Ala-bur-tut.
To go home....................Aniten, also Toa-luten.
To travel, to get out.........An-na.
To leave, to walk.............Ayak-tuk.
To smoke, smoke...............Bo-juk.
To kiss, kiss.................Belchie-luko.
To saw, saw...................Bilok.
To cover, cover...............Ba-tua.
Tent, sail....................Blat-ka.
To understand, to know........Banie-mia.
To capsize, to turn...........Buluk-likuk.
To think, to believe..........Ba-talie.
To take, to go ahead..........Cita.
To break, to spoil............Cup-liku.
To buy, to sell...............Ca-bu-shak.
To trap, trap.................Coup canie.
To speak, to tell.............Cap-rit.
To cry, to make noise.........Cia-luten.
To lock, lock, key............Cluts-juk.
To mine, mineral, to dig......Com-juk.
To sea, to travel.............Cayak-eluten.
To skate, skate...............Can gik.
Trader........................Co-peska.
Thread, linen.................Cluk-yak.
To lie, falsehood.............Ek-lutten.
To pour out...................Elak-luko.
To carry to...................Elak-yuk.
To fill up with water.........Emer-reis-na.
To load, loaded...............Emerk-tuk.
To undress....................Enak-ten.
To eat, also strychnine.......Io-shak.
To pull out of, in............In-liku.
To hide, to bend..............Laffa-luten.
To cross, to bless............Ma lish-ie.
Tanned sealskin...............Muk luk.
To see, to look...............Ma-gut.
To-morrow.....................Cun-no ko.
That, this....................Ma na.
To extinguish.................Nipa-lima.
To drink, to clean............Shak-shak.
Table.........................Stu-lik.
Tea...........................Chy, also Chy amuk.
To go away, to ebb............Tie-ire-duk.
Tidewater.....................Ta-nuk.
Teeth.........................U-dit, also Ut-jank.
To change.....................Uk-liku.
There, right, here............Wai.
To-day........................Nu-tun.
Thank you.....................Que ena.


U

Understand, to know...........Banie-mia.
Under, open, heaven, outside..Cla-inie.
Up town, in the village.......Cou anie.
Undress.......................Enak ten.


V

Very..........................An-gle.
Village.......................A-nit.
Vessel........................Skoo-nik.


W

Work, to make.................Ala-bur-tut.
Whale.........................Aror-un.
Walk, to leave................Ayak-tuk.
Wind..........................Ak lak.
Wind, N.W.....................Cla-nik.
Wind, N.E.....................Wa-shak.
Wind, S.W.....................Wa-gak.
Wind, S.E.....................Un-gal-lak.
White whale, or beluga........Batu-ku.
Water-proof...................Cama-linak.
Who, whose, whom..............Cina.
Water.........................Muka-muk.
Wood..........................Mo-ruk.
Wolverine.....................Mats-jaro-alik.
Where.........................Na-ma.
Whetstone.....................Naru-vik.
Winter, cold, old, year.......Snik.
Watch, hour...................Chy-ganik, also Cha-sat.
What do you say...............Tia-cia-lou.
What do you want..............Tie-ens-lou.
Woman, wife...................Tar-link.
Whiskers......................Un-gia.
Warm, hot.....................Ukt-nak-tuk.
Whiskey (Russian).............Wodka.
Welcome.......................Qee-enaduk.


Y

Yes...........................A-A.
Yard..........................Iar-dak.
You, yours....................Spit.
Young man, boy................Malt-jiska.


       *       *       *       *       *


NUMBERS AND MONEY

  1. Atrik, lomik, lok.
  2. Malruk, nik, aipia.
  3. Panioon, pania.
  4. Staman.
  5. Tatliman.
  6. Aig-hung, lingen.
  7. Maltromik.
  8. Engluligen.
  9. Coulati-anuk.
 10. Cola, colnik.
 14. Stamanik.
 15. Tatlimanik.
 20. Swie-nak.
100. En-javak.


MONEY

  5 Cents......Shit-veldak.........1/4 Ruble.
 10 Cents......Cupa cupmuk.........1/2 Ruble.
 20 Cents......Agiemuk, atrik......1 Ruble.
 30 Cents......Apia cupliku........1-1/2 Ruble.
 50 Cents......Penioon cupliku.....2-1/2 Ruble.
100 Cents......Tatliman cupliku....5 Ruble.

Money always expressed in rubles.


       *       *       *       *       *


APPENDIX

It is the custom among these people to give persons and companies
a name in their own language. Here is a list of a few who have been
re-christened:

Mr. A. Garrick..................Attegen.
Mr. J. Ledger...................Cumjak.
Mr. H. Osborn...................Patik.
Mr. F. Kinger...................Cumlulinuk.
Mr. P. Engell...................Pangenhacie.
Mr. Chas. A. Lee................Tyeechuka-lutten.
Capt. Johnson...................Bulshoie, Capitanik.
Capt. Heegaard..................Miktuk Capitanik.
Capt. Haze......................Companishak, Capitanik.
Alaska Commercial Co............Companishak.
Wrangel.........................Cujuju gamuk.
Trading posts on the Bering sea side of peninsula
  ..............................Misremie, Chikong, Anangashook.
Interior trading................Ekegik.
Pilot station on Sulima river...Iyis amuk.
Alaska Commercial Co., Headquarters
  ..............................Mushigak.









End of Project Gutenberg's Alaska Indian Dictionary, by Charles A. Lee

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK ALASKA INDIAN DICTIONARY ***

***** This file should be named 10040.txt or 10040.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/4/10040/

Produced by David Starner, Clare Boothby and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


Project Gutenberg's Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 29, October 15, 1870, by Various

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 29, October 15, 1870

Author: Various

Release Date: November 11, 2003 [EBook #10047]

Language: English

Character set encoding: ASCII

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 2, NO. 29 ***




Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and PG Distributed Proofreaders





  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           CONANT'S                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PATENT BINDERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                             FOR                              |
  |                                                              |
  |  "PUNCHINELLO," to preserve the paper for binding, will be   |
  |         sent postpaid, on receipt of One Dollar, by          |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               83 Nassau Street, New York City.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      We will Mail Free                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           A COVER                            |
  |                                                              |
  |           Lettered & Stamped, with New Title Page            |
  |                                                              |
  |                         FOR BINDING                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                        FIRST VOLUME,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   On Receipt of 50 Cents,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   TITLE PAGE ALONE, FREE,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      On application to                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                  HARRISON BRADFORD & CO.'S                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                         STEEL PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  | These Pens are of a finer quality, more durable, and cheaper |
  |    than any other Pen in the market. Special attention is    |
  |  called to the following grades, as being better suited for  |
  |       business purposes than any Pen manufactured. The       |
  |                                                              |
  |            "503," "22," and the "Anti-Corrosive,"            |
  |                                                              |
  |             we recommend for Bank and Office use             |
  |                                                              |
  |                      D. APPLETON & CO.,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                Sole Agents for United States,                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


VOL II., NO. 29


PUNCHINELLO


SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15, 1870.


PUBLISHED BY THE

PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,

83 NASSAU STREET, NEW YORK.

       *       *       *       *       *

MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD,

By ORPHEUS C. KERR.

Continued in this Number.


See 15th Page for Extra Premiums.


  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     Bound Volume No. 1.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |   The first volume of PUNCHINELLO-- the only first-class,    |
  |  original, illustrated, humorous and satirical weekly paper  |
  | published in this country--ending with No. 26, September 24, |
  |                            1870,                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Bound in Extra Cloth,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |          will be ready for delivery on Oct 1, 1870.          |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PRICE $2.50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | Sent postpaid to any part of the United States on receipt of |
  |                            price.                            |
  |                                                              |
  | A copy of the paper for one year, from October 1st, No. 27,  |
  | and the Bound Volume, (the latter prepaid,) will be sent to  |
  |                  any subscriber for $5.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  | Three copies for one year, and three Bound Volumes, with an  |
  |  extra copy of Bound Volume, to any person sending us three  |
  |                  subscriptions for $16.50.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |     One copy of a paper for one year, with a fine chromo     |
  |                   premium, for..... $4.00                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                Single copies, mailed free .10                |
  |                                                              |
  |     Back numbers can always be supplied, as the paper is     |
  |                        electrotyped.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |           Book canvassers will find this volume a            |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Very Saleable Book.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |         Orders supplied at a very liberal discount.          |
  |                                                              |
  |    All remittances should be made in Post Office orders.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   Canvassers wanted for the paper everywhere. Send for our   |
  |                      Special Circular.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Punchinello Publishing Co.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                     83 NASSAU ST., N.Y.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                      P.O. Box No. 2783.                      |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |               APPLICATIONS FOR ADVERTISING IN                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO"                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    SHOULD BE ADDRESSED TO                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                       JOHN NICKINSON,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                         Room No. 4,                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                  No. 83 Nassau Street, N.Y.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       TO NEWS-DEALERS                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Punchinello's Monthly.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              The Weekly Numbers for September,               |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Bound in a Handsome Cover,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |               Is now ready. Price Fifty Cents.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                          THE TRADE                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Supplied by the                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                    AMERICAN NEWS COMPANY,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |           Who are now prepared to receive Orders.            |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 Bowling Green Savings-Bank,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                         33 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                           NEW YORK                           |
  |                                                              |
  |            Open Every Day from 10 A.M. to 3 P.M.             |
  |                                                              |
  |             _Deposits of any sum, from Ten Cents             |
  |         to Ten Thousand Dollars, will be received._          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Six per Cent interest,                    |
  |                   Free of Government Tax.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                   INTEREST ON NEW DEPOSITS                   |
  |                                                              |
  |            Commences on the First of every Month.            |
  |                                                              |
  |                   HENRY SMITH, _President_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                REEVES E. SELMES, _Secretary_.                |
  |                                                              |
  |        WALTER ROCHE, EDWARD HOGAN, _Vice-Presidents_.        |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         J. NICKINSON                         |
  |                                                              |
  |              begs to announce to the friends of              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        "PUNCHINELLO,"                        |
  |                                                              |
  | residing in the country, that, for their convenience, he has |
  |    made arrangements by which, on receipt of the price of    |
  |                                                              |
  |                 ANY STANDARD BOOK PUBLISHED,                 |
  |                                                              |
  |          the same will be forwarded, postage paid.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     Parties desiring Catalogues of any of our Publishing     |
  |     Houses, can have the same forwarded by inclosing two     |
  |                           stamps.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          OFFICE OF                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                      83 Nassau Street.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       [P.O. Box 2783.]                       |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 A NEW AND MUCH-NEEDED BOOK.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          MATERNITY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                      A POPULAR TREATISE                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 For Young Wives and Mothers                  |
  |                                                              |
  |      BY T. S. VERDI, A. M., M. D., OF WASHINGTON, D. C.      |
  |                                                              |
  |    Dr. VERDI is a well-known and successful Homoeopathic     |
  |   Practitioner, of thorough scientific training and large    |
  | experience. His book has arisen from a want felt in his own  |
  |   practice, as a Monitor to Young Wives, a Guide to Young    |
  | Mothers, and an assistant to the family physician. It deals  |
  | skilfully, sensibly, and delicately with the perplexities of |
  |   early married life, as connected with the holy duties of   |
  | Maternity, giving information which women must have, either  |
  |  in conversation with physicians, or from such a source as   |
  |    this--evidently the preferable mode of learning, for a    |
  |  delicate and sensitive woman. Plain and intelligible, but   |
  |  without offense to the most fastidious taste, the style of  |
  |  this book must commend it to careful perusal. It treats of  |
  | the needs, dangers, and alleviations of the time of travail; |
  |  and gives extended detailed instructions for the care and   |
  | medical treatment of infants and children throughout all the |
  |                    perils of early life.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  As a Mother's Manual, it will hare a large sale, and as a   |
  |  book of special and reliable information on very important  |
  |            topics, it will be heartily welcomed.             |
  |                                                              |
  |   Handsomely printed on laid paper: bevelled boards, extra   |
  |        English cloth, 12mo., 450 pages. Price $2.25.         |
  |                                                              |
  |  _For sale by all Booksellers, or will be sent post-paid on  |
  |                   receipt of the price by_                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                J. B. FORD & CO., Publishers,                 |
  |                    39 Park Row, New York.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       FORST & AVERELL,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |             Steam, Lithograph, and Letter Press              |
  |                                                              |
  |                          PRINTERS,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               EMBOSSERS, ENGRAVERS, AND LABEL                |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |      Sketches and Estimates furnished upon application.      |
  |                                                              |
  |           23 Platt Street, and 20-22 Gold Street,            |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P.O. Box 2845.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                           FOLEY'S                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                          GOLD PENS.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE BEST AND CHEAPEST.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                        256 BROADWAY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          The only Journal of its kind in America!!           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    THE AMERICAN CHEMIST:                     |
  |                                                              |
  |  A MONTHLY JOURNAL OF THEORETICAL, ANALYTICAL AND TECHNICAL  |
  |                          CHEMISTRY.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |          DEVOTED ESPECIALLY TO AMERICAN INTERESTS.           |
  |                                                              |
  |     EDITED BY Chas. F. Chandler, Ph.D., & W.H. Chandler.     |
  |                                                              |
  |   The Proprietors and Publishers of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST,    |
  |   having purchased the subscription list and stock of the    |
  |    American reprint of the CHEMICAL NEWS, have decided to    |
  |  advance the interests of the American Chemical Science by   |
  |   the publication of a Journal which shall be a medium of    |
  |  communication for all practical, thinking, experimenting,   |
  |   and manufacturing scientific men throughout the country.   |
  |                                                              |
  |     The columns of THE AMERICAN CHEMIST are open for the     |
  | reception of original articles from any part of the country, |
  | subject to approval of the editor. Letters of inquiry on any |
  |   points of interest within the scope of the Journal will    |
  |                  receive prompt attention.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     THE AMERICAN CHEMIST                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Is a Journal of especial interest to             |
  |                                                              |
  |    SCHOOLS AND MEN OF SCIENCE, TO COLLEGES, APOTHECARIES,    |
  |    DRUGGISTS, PHYSICIANS, ASSAYERS, DYERS, PHOTOGRAPHERS,    |
  |                        MANUFACTURERS,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |          And all concerned in scientific pursuits.           |
  |                                                              |
  |    Subscription, $5.00 per annum, in advance; 50 cts. per    |
  |               number. Specimen copies, 25 cts.               |
  |                                                              |
  |                Address WILLIAM BALDWIN & CO.,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Publishers and Proprietors,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                 434 Broome Street, New York.                 |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       WEVILL & HAMMAR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                       Wood Engravers,                        |
  |                                                              |
  |                        208 BROADWAY,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                       GEO. B. BOWLEND,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Draughtsman & Designer                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 Fulton Street,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Room No. 11, NEW YORK.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      HENRY L. STEPHENS,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                           ARTIST,                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 160 FULTON STREET,                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                          NEW YORK.                           |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.

AN ADAPTATION.

BY ORPHEUS C. KERR.

CHAPTER XXII.--(Continued.)

When Miss POTTS and Mr. SIMPSON rejoined Mr. DIBBLE, in the office of
the latter, across the street, it was decided that the flighty young
girl should be made less expensive to her friends by temporary
accommodation in an economical boarding-house, and that the Gospeler,
returning to Bumsteadville, should persuade Miss CAROWTHERS to come and
stay with her until the time for the reopening of the Macassar Female
College.

Subsequently, with his homeless ward upon his arm, the benignant old
lawyer underwent a series of scathing rebuffs from the various
high-strung descendants of better days at whose once luxurious but now
darkened homes he applied for the desired board. Time after time was he
reminded, by unspeakably majestic middle-aged ladies with bass voices,
that when a fine old family loses its former wealth by those
vicissitudes of fortune which bring out the noblest traits of character
and compel the letting-out of a few damp rooms, it is significant of a
weak understanding, or a depraved disrespect of the dignity of
adversity, to expect that such families shall lose money and lower their
hereditary high tone by waiting upon a parcel of young girls. A few
Single Gentlemen desiring all the comforts of a home would not be
considered insulting unless they objected to the butter, and a couple of
married Childless Gentlemen with their wives might be pardoned for
respectfully applying; but the idea of a parcel of young girls! Wherever
he went, the reproach of not being a few Single Gentlemen, or a, couple
of married Childless Gentlemen with their wives, abashed Mr. DIBBLE into
helpless retreat; while FLORA'S increasing guilty consciousness of the
implacable sentiment against her as a parcel of young girls, culminated
at last in tears. Finally, when the miserable lawyer was beginning to
think strongly of the House of the Good Shepherd, or the Orphan Asylum,
as a last resort, it suddenly occurred to him that Mrs. SKAMMERHORN, a
distant widowed aunt of his clerk, Mr. BLADAMS, had been known to live
upon boarders in Bleecker Street; and thither he dragged hastily the
despised object on his arm.

Being a widow without children, and relieved of nearly all the
weaknesses of her sex by the systematic refusal of the opposite sex to
give her any encouragement in them, Mrs. SKAMMERHORN was a relentless
advocate of Woman's Inalienable Rights, and only wished that Man could
just see himself in that contemptible light in which he was distinctly
visible to One who, sooner than be his Legal Slave, would never again
accompany him to the Altar.

"I tell you candidly, DIBBLE," said she, in answer to his application,
"that if you had applied to be taken yourself, I should have said
'Never!' and at once called in the police. Since SKAMMERHORN died
delirious, I have always refused to have his sex in the house, and I
tell you, frankly, that I consider it hardly human. If this girl of
yours, however, and the elderly female whom, you say, she expects to
join her in a few days, will make themselves generally useful about the
house, and try to be companions to me, I can give them the very room
where SKAMMERHORN died."

Perceiving that FLORA turned pale, her guardian whispered to her that
she would not be alone in the room, at any rate; and then respectfully
asked whether the late Mr. SKAMMERHORN had ever been seen around the
house since his death?

"To be frank with you," answered the widow, "I did think that I came
upon him once in the closet, with his back to me, as often I'd seen the
weak creature in life going after a bottle on the top shelf. But it was
only his coat hanging there, with his boots standing below and my muff
hanging over to look like his head."

"You think, then," said Mr. DIBBLE, inquiringly, "that it is such a room
as two ladies could occupy, without awaking at midnight with a strange
sensation and thinking they felt a supernatural presence?"

"Not if the bed was rightly searched beforehand, and all the joints well
peppered with magnetic powder," was the assuring answer.

"Could we see the room, madam?"

"If the shutters were open you could; as they're not;" returned the
widow, not offering to stir; "but ever since SKAMMERHORN, starting up
with a howl, said 'Here he comes again, red-hot!' and tried to jump out
of the window, I've never opened them for any single man, and never
shall. I couldn't bear it, DIBBLE, to see one of your sex in that room
again, and hope you will not insist."

Broken in spirit as he was by preceding humiliations, the old lawyer had
not the heart to contest the point, and it was agreed, that, upon the
arrival of Miss CAROWTHERS from Bumsteadville, she and FLORA should
accept the memorable room in question.

Upon their way back to the hotel, guardian and ward met Mr. BENTHAM,
who, from the moment of becoming a character in their Story, had been
possessed with that mysterious madness for open-air exercise which
afflicted every acquaintance of the late EDWIN DROOD, and now saluted
them in the broiling street and solemnly besought their company for a
long walk. "It has occurred to me," said the Comic Paper man, who had
resumed his black worsted gloves, "that Mr. DIBBLE and Miss POTTS may be
willing to aid me in walking-off some of the darker suicidal
inclinations incident to first-class Humorous Journalism in America.
Reading the 'proof' of an instalment of a comic serial now publishing in
my paper, I contracted such gloom, that a frantic rush into the fresh
air was my only hope of on escape from self-destruction. Let us walk,
if you please."

Led on, in the profoundest melancholy, by this chastened character, Mr.
DIBBLE and the Flowerpot were presently toiling hotly through a
succession of grievous side-streets, and forlorn short-cuts to dismal
ferries; the state of their conductor's spirits inclining him to find a
certain refreshingly solemn joy in the horrors of pedestrianism imposed
by obstructions of merchandise on side-walks, and repeated climbings
over skids extending from store doors to drays. Inspired to an
extraordinary flow of malignant animal spirits by the complexities of
travel incident to the odorous mazes of some hundred odd kegs of salt
mackerel and boxes of brown soap impressively stacked before one very
enterprising Commission house, Mr. BENTHAM lightened the journey with
anecdotes of self-made Commission men who had risen in life by breaking
human legs and city ordinances; and dwelt emotionally upon the scenes in
the city hospitals where ladies and gentlemen were brought in, with
nails from the hoops of sugar-hogsheads sticking into their feet, or
limbs dislocated from too-loftily piled firkins of butter falling upon
them. Through incredible hardships, and amongst astounding complications
of horse-cars, target companies, and barrels of everything, Mr. BENTHAM
also amused his friends with circuits of several of the fine public
markets of New York; explaining to them the relations of the various
miasmatic smells of those quaint edifices with the various devastating
diseases of the day, and expatiating quite eloquently upon the political
corruption involved in the renting of the stalls, and the fine openings
there were for Cholera and Yellow Fever in the Fish and Vegetable
departments. Then, as a last treat, he led his panting companions
through several lively up-hill blocks of drug-mills and tobacco firms,
to where they had a distant view of a tenement house next door to a
kerosene factory, where, as he vivaciously told them, in the event of a
fire, at least one hundred human beings would be slowly done to a turn.
After which all three returned from their walk, firmly convinced that an
unctuous vein of humor had been conscientiously worked, and abstractedly
wishing themselves dead.[1]

The exhilarating effect of the genial Comic Paper man upon FLORA did
not, indeed, pass away, until she and Miss CAROWTHERS were in their
appointed quarters under the roof of Mrs. SKAMMERHORN, whither they went
immediately upon the arrival of the elder spinster from Bumsteadville.

"It could have been wished, my good woman," said Miss CAROWTHERS,
casting a rather disparaging look around the death-chamber of the late
Mr. SKAMMERHORN, "that you had assigned to educated single young ladies,
like ourselves, an apartment less suggestive of Man in his wedded
aspects. The spectacle of a pair of pegged boots sticking out from under
a bed, and a razor and a hone grouped on the mantle-shelf, is not such
as I should desire to encourage in the dormitory of a pupil under my
tuition."

"That's much to be deplored, I'm sure, CAROWTHERS," returned Mrs.
SKAMMERHORN, severely, "and sorry am I that I ever married, on that
particular account. I'd not have done it, if you'd only told me. But,
seeing that I married SKAMMERHORN, and then he died delirious, his
boots and razor must remain, just as he often wished to throw the
former at me in his ravings. Once married is enough, say I; and those
who never were, through having no proposals, must bear with those who
have, and take things as they come."

"There are those, I'd have you know, Mrs. SKAMMERHORN, to whom proposals
have been no inducement," said Miss CAROWTHERS, sharply; "or, if being
made, and then withdrawn, have given our sex opportunities to prove, in
courts of law, that damages can still be got. I'm afraid of no Man, my
good woman, as a person named BLODGETT once learned from a jury; but
boots and razors are not what I would have familiar to the mind of one
who never had a husband to die in raging torments, nor yet has sued for
breach."

"Miss POTTS is but a chicken, I'll admit," retorted Mrs. SKAMMERHORN;
"but you're not such, CAROWTHERS, by many a good year. On the contrary,
quite a hen. Then, you being with her, if the boots and razor make her
think she sees that poor, weak SKAMMERHORN a-ranging round the room,
when in his grave it is his place to be, you've only got to say: 'A fool
you are, and always were,'--as often I, myself, called at him in his
lifetime,--and off he'll go into his tomb again for fear of
broomsticks."

"FLORA, my dear," said Miss CAROWTHERS, turning with dignity to her
pupil, "if I know anything of human nature, the man who has once got
away from here, will stay away. Only single ghosts have attachments for
the houses in which they once lived. So, never mind the boots and razor,
darling; which, after all, if seen by peddlers, or men who come to fix
the gas, might keep us safe from robbers."

"As safe as any man himself, young woman, with pistols under his head
that he would never dare to fire if robbers were no more than cats
rampaging," added Mrs. SKAMMERHORN, enthusiastically. "With nothing but
an old black hat of SKAMMERHORN'S, and walking-cane, kept hanging in the
hall, I haven't lost a spoon by tramps or census takers for six mortal
years. So, make yourselves at home, I beg you both, while I go down and
cook the liver for our dinner. You'll find it tender as a chicken, after
what you've broke your teeth upon in boarding-schools; though
SKAMMERHORN declared it made him bilious in the second year, forgetting
what he'd drank with sugar to his taste, beforehand."

Thus was sweet FLORA POTTS introduced to her new home; where, but for
looking down from her windows at the fashions, making-up hundreds of
bows of ribbons for her neck, and making-over all her dresses, her
woman's mind must have been a blank. What time Miss CAROWTHERS told her
all day how she looked in this or that style of wearing her hair, and
read her to sleep each night with extracts from the pages of cheery
HANNAH MORE. As for the object nearest her young heart, to say that she
was wholly unruffled by it would be inaccurate; but by address she kept
it hidden from all eyes save her own.

[Footnote 1: Ordinary readers, while admiring the heavy humor of this
unexpected open-air episode, may wonder what on earth it has to do with
the the Story; but the cultivated few, understanding the ingenious
mechanics of novel-writing, will appreciate it as a most skilful and
happy device to cover the interval between the hiring of Mrs.
SKAMMERHORN's room, and the occupation thereof by FLORA and her late
teacher--another instance of what our profoundly critical American
journals call "artistic--elaboration." (See corresponding Chapter of
the original English Story.)]


CHAPTER XXIII.

GOING HOME IN THE MORNING.

After having thrown all his Ritualistic friends at home into a most
unholy and exasperated condition of mind, by a steady series of vague
remarks as to the extreme likelihood of their united implication in the
possible deed of darkness by which he has lost a broadcloth nephew and
an alpaca umbrella, the mournful Mr. BUMSTEAD is once more awaiting the
dawn in that popular retreat in Mulberry Street where he first
contracted his taste for cloves. The Assistant-Assessor and the Alderman
of the Ward are again there, tilted back against the wall in their
chairs; their shares in the Congressional Nominating Convention held in
that room earlier in the night having left them too weary for further
locomotion. The decanters and tumblers hurled by the Nominating
Convention over the question of which Irishman could drink the most to
be nominated, are still scattered about the floor; here and there a
forgotten slungshot marks the places where rival delegations have
confidently presented their claims for recognition; and a few
bullet-holes in the wall above the bar enumerate the various pauses in
the great debate upon the perils of the public peace from Negro
Suffrage.

Reclining with great ease of attitude upon an uncushioned settee, the
Ritualistic organist is aroused from dreamy slumber by the turning-over
of the pipe in his mouth, and majestically motions for the venerable
woman of the house to come and brush the ashes from his clothes.

"Wud yez have it filled again, honey?" asks the woman. "Sure, wan pipe
more would do ye no harrum."

"I'mtooshleepy," he says, dropping the pipe.

"An' are yez too shlapey, asthore, to talk a little bissiness wid an
ould woman?" she asks, insinuatingly. "Couldn't yez be afther payin' me
the bit av a schore I've got agin ye?"

Mr. BUMSTEAD opens his eyes reproachfully, and wishes to know how she
can dare talk about money matters to an organist who, at almost any
moment, may be obliged to see a Chinaman hired in his place on account
of cheapness?

"Could the haythen crayture play, thin?" she asks, wonderingly.

"Thairvairimitative," he tells her;--"Cookwashiron' n' eatbirdsnests."

"An' vote would they, honey?"

"Yesh--'f course--thairvairimitative, I tell y'," snarls he:
"do'tcheapzdirt."

"Is it vote chaper they would, the haythen naygurs, than daycint,
hardworkin' white min?" she asks, excitedly.

"Yesh. Chinesecheaplabor," he says, bitterly.

"Och, hone!" cries the woman, in anguish; "and f'hat's the poor to do
then, honey?"

"Gowest; go'nfarm!" sobs Mr. BUMSTEAD, shedding tears. "I'd go m'self if
a-hadn't lost dear-er-rerelative.--Nephew'n' umbrella."

"Saint PAYTHER! an' f'hat's that?"

"EDWINS!" cries the unhappy organist, starting to his feet with a wild
reel. "Th' pride of'suncle'sheart! I see 'm now,
in'sh'fectionatemanhood, with whalebone ribs, made 'f alpaca,
andyetsoyoung. 'Help me!' hiccries; 'PENDRAGON'sash'nate'n me!'
hiccries--and I go!"

While uttering this extraordinary burst of feeling, he has advanced
towards the door in a kind of demoniac can-can, and, at its close,
abruptly darts into the street and frantically makes off.

"The cross of the holy fathers!" ejaculates the woman, momentarily
bewildered by this sudden termination of the scene. Then a new
expression comes swiftly over her face, and she adds, in a different
tone, "Odether-nodether, but it's coonin' as a fox he is, and it's off
he's gone again widout payin' me the schore! Sure, but I'll follow him,
if it's to the wurruld's ind, and see f'hat he is and where he is."

Thus it happens that she reaches Bumsteadville almost as soon as the
Ritualistic organist, and, following him to his boarding-house,
encounters Mr. TRACEY CLEWS upon the steps.

"Well, now!" calls that gentleman, as she looks inquiringly at him, "who
do you want?"

"Him as just passed in, your Honor."

"Mr. BUMSTEAD?"

"Ah. Where does he play the organ?"

"In St. Cow's Church, down yonder. Mass at seven o'clock, and he'll be
there in half an hour."

"It's there I'll be, thin," mumbles the woman; "and bad luck to it that
I didn't know before; whin I came to ax him for me schore, and might
have gone home widout a cint but for a good lad named EDDY who gave me a
sthamp.--The same EDDY, I'm thinkin', that I've heard him mutter about
in his shlape at my shebang in town, whin he came there on political
business."

After a start and a pause, Mr. CLEWS repeats his information concerning
the Ritualistic church, and then cautiously follows the woman as she
goes thither.

Unconscious of the remarkable female figure intently watching him from
under a corner of the gallery, and occasionally shaking a fist at him,
Mr. BUMSTEAD attends to the musical part of the service with as much
artistic accuracy as a hasty head-bath and a glass of soda-water are
capable of securing. The worshippers are too busy with risings,
kneelings, bowings, and miscellaneous devout gymnastics, to heed his
casual imperfections, and his headache makes him fiercely indifferent to
what any one else may think.

Coming out of the athletic edifice, Mr. CLEWS comes upon the woman
again, who seems excited.

"Well?" he says.

"Sure he saw me in time to shlip out of a back dure," she returns,
savagely; "but it's shtrait to his boording-house I'm going afther him,
the spalpeen."

Again Mr. TRACEY CLEWS follows her; but this time he allows her to go up
to Mr. BUMSTEAD'S room, while he turns into his own apartment where his
breakfast awaits him. "I can make a chalk mark for the trail I've struck
to-day," he says; and then thoughtfully attacks the meal upon the
table.[2]

(_To be Continued._)


[Footnote 2: At this point, the English original of this Adaptation--the
"Mystery of EDWIN DROOD"--breaks off forever.]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE PLAYS AND SHOWS.

Nilsson has come; and, sad to say, has brought dissension and discord
with her. Not that there is any discord in her matchless voice, but
there is a vast amount of wrangling as to her precise merits. Do you
doubt this? Then come with me in my light Fourth Avenue car, while the
stars are bright and the sky is blue, (this is an adaptation of a once
popular love-song by Dr. WATTS,) and we will go to Steinway Hall to hear
the Improved Swedish Nightingale, and feast our eyes on STRAKOSCH'S
flowers.

We pass up the steep staircase--with many misgivings as to our ankles,
if we belong to the sex which considers the possession of those
anatomical features a fact to be carefully concealed, provided they are
not symmetrical. We pass the door-keeper, who, as is the custom of his
kind, frowns malignantly at us, and evidently asks himself--"How much
longer can I refrain from tearing up the tickets of these impudent
pleasure-seekers, and throwing the pieces in their infamously contented
countenances?" We gain the hall, and are sent to the inevitable "other
aisle," by the usher, (by the way, why is it that one always gets into
the wrong aisle, only to be ignominiously ordered to the opposite side
of the house?) and we finally turn various illegal occupants out of our
seats, and begin to fan ourselves in fervid anticipation of the coming
musical treat. A buzz of conversation is everywhere going on. Did any
one ever notice the curious fact that a middle-aged man and woman can
converse at a theatre or concert room without either one finding any
difficulty in hearing what the other says, while no young man can make
his accompanying young lady hear a single word unless his mouth is in
close proximity to her ear? This singular state of things is doubtless
due to the peculiar acoustical properties of public buildings. We
manage, however, to hear a good deal of both young and middle-aged
conversation, of the following improving type.

RURAL PERSON. "I've heard most everybody that's sung in our Philadelphy
opera house, and some of 'em are pretty hard to beat. NILSSON may beat
'em, you know. Mind, now, I don't say she won't, but she's got a mighty
hard row to hoe."

CRITIC. _(Who sent for seats for his eight sisters and their
friends--but who did not get them.)_ "There comes the Scandinavian
Society--fifty Irishmen at fifty cents a head. Did you see the flowers
piled up in the lobby? MAX paid seven hundred dollars for the lot."

YOUNG MAN. "Dearest! I wish you wouldn't look at that fellow across the
way. You know how your own darling loves you, and--"

YOUNG LADY. "Hush! Don't bother. Here comes VIEUXTEMPS."

VIEUXTEMPS plays, and the audience listens with the air of people who
are dreadfully bored, but are afraid to show it. He disappears with an
amount of applause carefully graduated so as to express enthusiasm
without the desire for hearing him again. The Rural Person remarks that
"he doesn't think much of fiddlers anyhow. Give him a trombone, or a
banjo, for his money."

MR. WEHLI then trifles with the piano. Him, too, the audience politely
endure, but plainly do not appreciate. They have come to hear NILSSON,
and feel outraged at having to hear anybody else. A cornet solo by the
Angel GABRIEL himself would be secretly regarded as undoubtedly
artistic, but certainly a little out of place.

CHORUS OF RIVAL PIANO-MAKERS. "What a wretched instrument that poor
fellow is made to play upon. Nobody can produce any effect on a STEINWAY
piano. It's good for nothing but for boarding-school practice."

CRITIC, (who knows Mr. STEINWAY.) "Anybody can please people by playing
on a STEINWAY. I defy WEHLI or any other man to play badly on such a
superb instrument as that."

YOUNG MAN. "Dearest! Do you remember the day when you gave me one of
your hair-pins? I have worn it next my--"

YOUNG LADY. "Oh, don't bother. NILSSON is just going to sing."

And she does sing, with that voice so matchless in its perfect purity,
that even the disappointed critic grows uneasy as he tries in vain to
find some reasonable fault with it. She ceases, and amid wild cheers
from the paying part of the audience, silent approval from the
deadheads, and shouts of "Hooroo!" and "Begorra!" from the Scandinavian
Society, MAX'S flowers are brought in solemn procession up the aisle,
and laid at the feet of the Improved Nightingale.

CRITIC. "Those flowers will just be taken out of the back door, and
brought in again to be used the second time. There's a hand-cart waiting
for them now, at the Fifteenth Street entrance."

SIX PRIME DONNE, _(who were not asked to sing at the NILSSON concerts.)_
"Well, did you ever hear 'Angels Ever Bright' sung in a more atrocious
style? If that is NILSSON's idea of expression, the sooner she leaves
the stage to artists, the better."

CYNICAL OLD MUSICIAN. "Bah! NILSSON infuses religious sentiment into her
singing, and these envious creatures don't know what religious sentiment
is, so they think she is all wrong. If she had sung HANDEL with a smile,
and a coquettish tossing of her head, they would still have hated her,
but they would not have ventured to call her "inartistic.""

YOUNG MAN. "Darling! I had rather hear your sweet voice, than listen to
NILSSON or a choir of angels for the rest of my--"

YOUNG LADY. "CHARLES, you will drive me wild, with your intolerable
spooniness. I'll never come out with you again. See how the SMITH girls
are looking at you."

RURAL PERSON. "--So I says to the usher, 'If you think I'm a countryman
who don't know what's what, you're everlastingly sold.' 'I'm from
Philadelphy,' says I, 'and we've got singers there that can knock spots
out of your NILLOGGS and KELSONS and the rest of 'em.' So he just--"

RIVAL MANAGER. "My tear fellow, you shust mind dis. MAX vill lose all
his monish. NILSSON can't sing, my tear! She vanted me to encage her a
year ago, but I vouldn't do it. Dere ish no monish in her, now you mind
vot I says."

DISTINGUISHED TEACHER. "You call her an artist! Why, look here, if one
of my scholars were to phrase as wretchedly as she does, I'd never show
my face in public again. Her voice is so-so, but her school is simply
infamous."

CELEBRATED TEACHER. "Well, I don't mind saying that I never heard her
equal in point of quality of voice. She gives you pure tone, which is
what hardly any other singer does."

NINE TENTHS OF THE AUDIENCE. "She is perfectly lovely. There never was
anybody like her."

CONNOISSEUR, _(who really does know something about music, but who
actually has no prejudices.)_ "Her voice is such a one as MARGARET must
have had when she sang by her spinning-wheel, before fate threw her in
the way of FAUST. And these professional musicians will tear her
reputation to pieces among themselves! Why should musical people be, of
all others, most fond of discord?"

CRITIC. "There! those fools are determined to make her sing again. I
can't stand this. I'll see MAX once more, and if he don't do the right
thing, I'll say that NILSSON was played out in Europe before she came
here, and that she is a complete failure."

YOUNG MAN, "Sweetest! may I ask you one question?"

YOUNG LADY. "No, you shan't. Will you keep quiet? Everybody is looking
at you."

EVERYBODY. "Sh! sh! sh!"

NILSSON sings again. As her delicious notes die out in the thunder of
applause, I make my way out of the Hall, into the clear and silent
night. For not even the witchery of VIEUXTEMPS'S violin is fit to mate
in memory with the peerless tones of NILSSON.

Here I meant to do some fine writing, but as this is PUNCHINELLO, and
not the "Easy Chair" of Harper's Magazine, I conquer the temptation.
Wherefore I accept the gratitude of my readers, and sign myself

MATADOR.

       *       *       *       *       *

Congestion at "The Sun."

PUNCHINELLO is pained to know that the circulation of his bewitching
contemporary, _The Sun_, is daily growing more and more languid.
Paralysis has set in, and the patient but seldom has the energy to
dictate the daily bulletin giving the state of his circulation.

       *       *       *       *       *

Only a Suggestion.

It will be bad enough for the Prussian Cavalrymen to water their horses
in the Seine, but if they go to driving their stakes in the Bois de
Boulogne, won't the Parisians think it looks a little like running
things into the ground?

       *       *       *       *       *

OUR MASTERS OF ART.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: The knights of the pencil and easel, having returned
from their usual visits to their summer haunts, and having exchanged the
blue skies and grassy vales of Nature for the smoky ceilings and dirty
floors of Art, (I believe that is the proper way to commence this kind
of an article,) your correspondent has visited a number of them, and has
obtained authentic accounts of their present occupations, and has also
been permitted to make slight sketches of some of their principal works.

BIERSTADT, as usual, is painting Yos. Having entirely exhausted the Yo
Semite, he is now at work on a grand picture of a Southdown Ewe, and
will soon commence a view of his studio,--at sunrise. He well deserves
his title of the Yeoman of Art.

JAMES HAMILTON, of Philadelphia, is painting a sunset. It may not be
generally known, but it is a fact, that he paints the sun every time it
sets. The following sketch will give a good idea of his next great
picture. The nails are inserted in the sun to keep it from going down
any further, and spoiling the scene.

[Illustration]

WILLIAM T. RICHARDS, of the same city, is hard at work on a picture
which is intended to represent, to the life, water in motion; a
specialty which he has lately adopted. It is entitled "A Scene on the
Barbary Coast; Water in Motion, Steamer in the Distance." The subjoined
sketch represents the general plan of the picture.

[Illustration]

Still another Philadelphia artist, Mr. ROTHERMEL, is very busy at a
great work. He is putting the finishing-touches to his vast painting of
the Battle of Gettysburg. On this enormous canvas may be seen correct
likenesses of all the principal generals, colonels, captains, majors,
first and second lieutenants, sergeant-majors, sergeants, corporals and
high privates who were engaged in that battle; and by the consummate
skill of the artist, each one of them, to the great gratification of
himself and his family, is placed prominently in the foreground. Such
distinguished success should meet appropriate reward, and it is now
rumored that the artist will soon be commissioned by Congress to paint
for the Rotunda of the Capitol a grand picture of our late civil war,
with all the incidents of that struggle, upon one canvas.

Of the artists who affect the "shaded wood," we learn that Mr. HENNESSY,
now absent in Europe, is drawing another "Booth." Whether this is
intended particularly for "Every Saturday," I cannot say, but I suppose
it will answer for any other week-day. At any rate, here is his last
"Booth."

[Illustration]

NAST is at work on a series of sarcastic pictures illustrating the
miseries of France. Most of them show how LOUIS NAPOLEON ought to finish
up his career and dynasty. In fact, should this gifted artist ever
travel among Bonapartists, he will certainly be hunted down in an
astounding manner, and the populace, adopting American customs, will
probably congregate to see him astride a rail. Two of his smaller
studies are very interesting. One of them, called "An Astray," is simply
a ray of black light; and another, intended for the contemplation of
persons who desire light and airy pictures, is simply a portrait of
himself, entitled "A Nasturtium."

The well-known Miss EDMONIA LEWIS has been exhibiting her statue of
"HAGAR," in Chicago. As HAGAR was the first woman who suffered anything
like divorce, Chicago is a capital place for her statue, and Miss LEWIS
evidently knows what she is about. Her name reminds me that our great
landscapist, LEWIS, is at work on a picture which he calls "A Scene in
France after a Reign." This little sketch will give an idea of the
painting.

[Illustration]

Most of our other artists are also worthily engaged, but time, (I
believe that is the regular way to end an article of this kind) will not
permit present mention of them.

EFARES.

       *       *       *       *       *

HAM AND EGGS.

War always brings with it its signs and portents. A hen somewhere in
Virginia, according to a local paper, has lately produced an egg on the
white of which the word "War" was plainly written in black letters. Now,
when we consider that the career of LOUIS NAPOLEON was more or less
influenced by Ham, there is something very significant in the advent of
this providential egg; nor should we be surprised to learn, ere long,
that the same hen had laid another egg, this time with a Prussian yolk.

       *       *       *       *       *

Eheu! Strasbourg.

Reading an old traveller's description of the famous Cathedral of
Strasbourg, we note that he dwells particularly on its "fretted
windows."

Ah! yes. They have much to fret about, now, have these old windows; and
that makes us think whether the _larmiers_ of the roof over them do not
run real tears.

       *       *       *       *       *

"Lo" Cunning.

The cunning of the red Indian of the Plains.

       *       *       *       *       *

PETTICOAT GOVERNMENT.

A gaunt, tall, spectacled creature, gender feminine, number singular,
person first, case always possessive, that's the standard bearer; a
broomstick from the top of which floats a petticoat, that's the
standard. Under that standard march in the U.S. at least 20,000,000
feminines, and--horrible to relate--gal children are on the increase.

Certainly the devil must have invented petticoats. After EVE had
finished up that little apple job, she went into the petticoat business,
and--hence all our tears. Instantly petticoat government became a
possibility. Then, as her daughters became wiser, they invented the
weeping business, the swooning business, and the curtain lecture
business; they went for our pocket-books and they got them, and
petticoat government became a probability. Not satisfied with the
pocket-books, they are now going for the business by means of which we
fill the books, and oh, what a hankering they have for public pap! They
stick to the curtain lecture business, but now they do it before the
curtain. Alas, petticoat government is now a certainty!

It's all very well for you to talk about the grandeur of the governments
of BOADICEA, and ELIZABETH and CATHERINE, but I don't believe that BOA,
or LIZZY, or KATE would have been very nice as a companion, if she and
you were sitting before the fire, and she wanted stamps and was going
for them as a matter of business. Besides, there was only one of them at
a time, and they didn't trouble common people much, but in this
enlightened nineteenth century I have seen a poor, miserable, six foot
dry-goods clerk turned out of a retail store by a strapping little
female, who couldn't jump a counter worth shucks. I have seen him in his
misery industriously study "What I Know About Farming," squat on a farm
in the West, and bring himself, his wife, and four miserable offshoots
to the alms-house by endeavoring to apply the rules set down in "What I
Know About Farming" to 160 acres of land. I have seen the poor,
half-paid type-setters strike for their altars, their sires, and more
wages, and I have seen a troop of petticoats, with gal children inside
them, trot into the type-setter's place, so that the miserable
compositors were compelled to return and starve on four or five dollars
a day. That's petticoat government with a vengeance. Putting your nose
to the grindstone isn't nice at any time, but it's awful when the gal
children turn.

But that is only the beginning. They have struck for bigger things. In
the expressive language of the immortal JOHNNY MILTON, they are going
for the whole hog. They want to vote; some of them have been caught
repeating already; they want to sit on juries, and they want to go to
Congress. Heaven forbid that any of them should ever reach the House of
Representatives! Imagine the size of the _Congressional Globe_ if we
should send women there! Why, there would be as great a dearth of paper
in Washington as there is now in Paris. They want to shave you, dress
you, doctor you into your coffins, preach a funeral discourse over your
remains, and then take your will into the Surrogate's Court and fight
over the little property they have left you.

They say all this means that they are our equals, and intend to show it.
Listen. In a town some hundreds of miles distant there is a law firm
whose sign reads thus:

  MRS. SMITH _and husband_.

Shades of our forefathers! Ghost of BLUEBEARD! Spirit of HENRY VIII! can
this thing be? Imagine old LABAN'S daughter starting in business, and
hanging out a sign something like this:

  +-------------------------------------------+
  |                                           |
  |          MRS. JACOB _and husband,         |
  |    Having large orders from the West_,    |
  |              SOLICIT CUSTOM.              |
  | N.B.--Gentlemen attended to by Mr. JACOB. |
  |         _The Original Mrs_. JACOB.        |
  |                                           |
  +-------------------------------------------+

Don't you suppose that JACOB, if he had found that sign over his
doorstep, would have raised a row, and if he had been overcome, don't
you suppose he would have wondered what he served those seven years for?

Oh, young man, sitting by the side of that dainty damsel, looking so
spoonily into her deep blue eyes, playing so daintily with her golden
curls, sucking honey so frequently from her ruby lips, beware! _beware!_
BEWARE! Remember, when she wants stamps, you can't put her off as your
pa did your ma. You can't say, "Business is awful dull," because she'll
do the business, and make you her book-keeper or porter or something of
that sort

Petticoat government is all very well for those who like it. Some men go
through life playing a sort of insane tag, in which, first their
mothers' petticoats, and then their wives', are hunk, and they never
leave hunk. As for me, give me trouser government, or give me a first
class funeral procession with me for the corpse.

Brethren, listen! Give me your ears! (the big ones first.) This thing
must be stopped _now_. Let us form an association for the suppression of
women, or a society for the prevention of cruelty to men. There is but
one way to cure this thing. Far out on the Western prairies dwells the
only sensible man on this continent. In the city ruled by him a man may
come home as tired as gin can make him, and his wife opens not her
mouth; he may jump over as many counters as he pleases, and none of his
wives will desire to go and do likewise. There she is the weaker vessel,
and it takes so many of her to equal one man, that she is kept in a
proper state of subjection. That's the secret; marry her a good deal.
The old maids are the ones who start the rows. Let them all be married
to some one man of a peaceable, loving, quiet disposition--say WENDELL
PHILLIPS. Let the President, if necessary, issue his proclamation making
the United States one vast Utah, and let us all be Young.

LOT.

       *       *       *       *       *

RAMBLINGS.

BY MOSE SKINNER.

MR. PUNCHINELLO: If I should tell you that I particularly excelled in
writing verses you'd hardly believe me. But such is the fact. I've sent
poem after poem to all the first-class magazines in the country, which,
if they'd been published, would have enabled me to pay my debts, and
start new accounts from Maine to Georgia. But they've never been
published--and why? It's jealousy. A child with half an eye can see
that. Those boss poets who get the big salaries, probably see my verses,
and pay the publishers a big price not to print 'em.

How little the public know of the inside workings of these things!

I'm disgusted with this trickery, and am going to shut right down on the
whole thing. Oh! they may howl, but not another line do they get!

I'm going into the song business. That's something that isn't overdone.
I composed a perfect little gem lately. It is called "Lines on the death
of a child." I chose this subject because it is comparatively new. A few
have attempted it, but they betray a crudeness and lack of pathos
painful to witness.

Whether I have supplied that deficiency or not is for the public, not
me, to judge. But if the public, or any other man, be he male or female,
thinks that by ribaldry and derision I can be induced to publish the
whole of this work before it's copyrighted, they're mistaken. The salt
that's going on the tail of this particular fowl ain't ripe yet.

It's going to be set to music and it'll probably hatch a song. I called
on a publisher last week about it.

"Don't you think," said I, "that it'll take 'em by storm?"

"Worse than that," he replied. "It's a reg'lar _line_ gale."

I knew he'd be enthusiastic about it.

He said he hadn't got any notes in, that would fit it just then, but be
expected a lot in the next steamer, and I could have my choice. He was
very polite, and I thanked him kindly.

Jealous as I am of my reputation, I am willing to stake it on this poem.
A man don't collect the obituary notices of one hundred infants and boil
'em down over a slow fire without something to be proud of, you know.

Here is a sample of it:

    LINES ON THE DEATH OF A CHILD.

       "Tell me, dear mother,
    Hast the swallows homeward flode
          When the clock strikes nine?
          Does our WILLIE'S spirit roam
               In that home
            Beyond the skies,
              Along with LIZE?
                Say, mother
                    Say--"

The other verses are, if anything, better than this. If you are anxious
to publish this poem entire, why not leave out the pictures and all the
reading matter from PUNCHINELLO for two weeks, and show the public what
genius, brains, and ability can accomplish, unaided? If you publish it
in detachments, it weakens it, you see. If the verses can't lean against
each other, they pine away immediately.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE YOUNG DEMOC TRYING TO PUT THE BIG SACHEM'S PIPE OUT.

_Big Sachem_. "SAY, YOUNG MAN, AIN'T YOU AFRAID YOU'LL BURN YOUR
BREECHES?"]

       *       *       *       *       *

SARSFIELD YOUNG HAS HIS HEAD EXAMINED.

DEAR PUNCHINELLO:--The last time I visited a barber's shop I wanted my
hair trimmed. Being in somewhat of a hurry for the train, I told the
proprietor to cut it short. As a matter of course, I was left. As for my
hair, there was precious little of that left, though. Science was too
much for it. A hand-glass, brought to bear upon a mirror, opened up a
perspective of pretty much all the back country belonging to my skull,
that is seldom equalled outside the State Prison or the Prize Ring.

I was indignant. I was so mad that my hair stood on end--voluntarily.
The barber talked soothingly of making a discount on the bill; and I,
looking at it in a strictly diplomatic light, gradually permitted myself
to grow calmer. He went further, and did the handsome thing by me--as if
it wasn't enough to cut under his price! A phrenologist by profession,
so he said, he had resorted to barbering simply for amusement, and under
the circumstances he would give me a professional sitting gratuitously.

It has always been a cherished ambition with me to have my head surveyed
and staked out scientifically; SO I told him at once he might take it
and look it over.

"My friend," said I, as I gracefully described an imaginary aureole
about my brain factory, "you abolish the poll-tax. I grant you full
leave to explore."

This was the first time I ever had my head examined. The whole of me, it
is true, was once examined before a Trial Justice; but as that was years
ago, and it was "the other boy" that was to blame, I refrain from
incorporating the details into the history of our country.

It occurred to me that old Scissors couldn't have been much of a
scholar; at all events he breathed very hard for an educated man, and he
had a rough, muscular way of moving his fingers about my upper story,
that made those regions ache every time he touched them. You may fancy
my feelings. I certainly didn't fancy _his_.

For the benefit of those who come after us, (I don't refer to Sheriffs
and Constables, so much as I do to posterity,) I append a few results of
the gentleman's vigorous researches.

       *       *       *

"There's a great deal of surface here; in fact, everybody that is
acquainted with this head must be struck at once with its superficial
contents."

"Thickness--obvious. Great breadth between the ears, indicating
longevity. You will never die of teething, or cholera infantum; nor is
it likely you will ever become a murderess.

"Forehead, large and imposing; that is, it might impose on people who
don't know you.

"Your intellect may be pronounced massive, dropsical, in fact. You have
brilliant talents, but your bump of cash payments is remarkably small.

"Locality, 20 to 30. You are always somewhere, or just going there.
Eventuality, 18 carat fine; absorption, 99 per cent. This means you will
eventually absorb a good deal of borrowed money.

"I find here acquisitiveness and secretiveness enough to stock an entire
Board of Aldermen and a Congressional Committee."

"Ambition, combativeness, and destructiveness are all on a colossal
scale. Happily they are balanced by gigantic caution, else you would be
in imminent danger of subverting the liberties of your country.

"If I owned that sanguine temperament of yours, I should proceed at once
to marry into President GRANT'S family, and take some foreign mission.

"You're a good feeder. Alimentiveness and order well developed. No man
better fitted to order a waiter around. From the immature condition of
your organ of benevolence, I shouldn't care, however, to be the waiter.

"Self esteem doesn't seem to have been kept back by the drought.

"Ideality, I discover from the depression in the S. W. corner, is
missing. Nature beautifully compensates this loss by making language
very full--more words than ideas. In profane language, I dare say, now,
you are particularly gifted.

"In one respect your head resembles that of the Father of His Country.
It lacks adhesiveness. So does GEORGE'S--on the postage stamps.

"Unlike most subjects, your organ of firmness is not confined to any one
spot, but is spread over the entire skull. This phenomenon is due to
your being what we technically call 'mule-headed'--a fine specimen
which--"

"Excuse me," said I, unwilling any longer to impose on his good nature,
"I feel I must make sure of that other train, so I will just trouble you
for that organ of firmness and the rest of them. I never travel without
them." Then, hurrying all my phrenology into my hat, I started down the
street.

I wonder he didn't say something about my memory's being below
par--somehow I quite forgot to pay him for shaving me.

Yours, without recourse,

SARSFIELD YOUNG.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: VERY "HARD CIDER."

THE PIPPINS OF THE JOHN REAL DEMOCRACY, (MESSRS. MORRISSEY, O'BRIEN, AND
FOX,) GETTING THEIR LAST SQUEEZE FROM GOVERNOR HOFFMAN.]

       *       *       *       *       *

HIRAM GREEN IN GOTHAM.

He Strays among Sharpers, and "Sees the Elephant."

There's many things in the big city which pleases me, and causes us
_all_ to feel hily tickled over our success as a Republic.

At the present writin', many furrin' nations would give all their old
butes and shoes if, like us, they could throw their roolers overboard
every 4 years, and have a new deel.

Our institutions are, many of 'em, sound: altho' I've diskivered to my
sorrer, that some of the inhabitants of New York are about as
puselanermus a set of dead-beats which ever stood up.

While sojernin' here, my distinguished looks kicked up quite a sensation
wherever I put in an appearance. On one occasion, a man stepped up to me
who thought I was a banker, and richer than Creosote, and wanted me to
change a $100 bill. I diden't do it. Not much. No, sir-ee!--they
coulden't fool the old man on that ancient dodge.

But, friend PUNCHINELLO, to my disgust and shagrin', I must acknolidge
the corn, and say, I hain't quite so soon as I allers give myself credit
for bein', as the sekel of this letter will show.

Last Saturday P.M. I was a sailin' down Dye Street with my bloo cotton
umbreller under my arm, feelin' all so fine and so gay.

When near the corner of West Street I turned around just in time to see
a ragged boy pick up a pocket-book.

As the afoursaid boy started to run off, a well dressed lookin' man
ketched him by the cote coller.

"What in thunder are you about?" says the boy.

"That pocket-book belongs to this old gentleman," said the man, pintin'
to me. "I saw him drop it."

"No it don't, nether," said the boy, tryin' to break away, "and I want
yer to let go my cote coller."

The infatuated youth then tried his level best to jerk away, while his
capturer yanked and cuffed him, ontil the boy sot up a cryin'.

I notissed as the youth turned around that he partly opened the wallet,
which was chock full of greenbax.

A thought suddenly struck me. That 'ere boy looked as if he was depraved
enuff to steel the shoe-strings off'n the end of a Chinaman's cue, so
the Monongohalian's hair woulden't stay braided.

Thinks I, if the young raskel should keep that pocket-book, like as not
he mite buy a fashinable soot of close and enter on a new career of
crime, and finally fetch up as a ward polertician.

I must confess, that as I beheld that wallet full of bills, my mouth did
water rather freely, and I made up my mind, if wuss come to wusser, I
would not allow too much _temptashun_ to get in that boy's way. The man
turned to me and says:

"Stranger, this is your pocket-book, for I'le swear I saw you drop it."

What could a poor helpless old man like me do in euch a case, Mister
PUNCHINELLO? That man was willin' to sware that I dropped it, and I
larnt enuff about law, when I was Gustise of the Peece, to know I
coulden't swear I diden't drop it, and any court would decide agin me;
at the same time my hands itched to get holt of the well filled wallet.

I trembled all over for fear a policeman, who was standin' on the
opposite corner, mite come over and stick in his lip.

But no! like the wooden injuns before cigar stores, armed with a
tommyhawk and scalpin' knife, these city petroleums, bein' rather
slippery chaps, hain't half so savage as they look.

When the boy heerd the man say I owned the pocket-book he caved in, and
began to blubber. Said he, whimperin':

"Well--I--want--a--re--ward--for--findin' the--pocket-bo--hoo--ok."

The well dressed individual, still holdin' onto the boy, then said to
me:

"My friend, I'me a merchant, doin' bizziness on Broadway, at 4-11-44.
You've had a narrer escape from losin' your pocket-book. Give this rash
youth $50, to encourage him in bein' honest in the futer, and a glorious
reward awaits you. Look at me, sir!" said he, vehemently; "the turnin'
pint of my life was similar to this depraved youth's; but, sir! a reward
from a good lookin', beneverlent old gent like you, made a man of me,
and to-day I'me President of a Society for the _Penny-Ante_ corruption
of good morrils,' and there hain't a judge in the city who wouldn't give
me a home for the pleasure of my company."

Such a man, I knew, woulden't lie about seein' me drop that pocket-book.
I took another look at the Guardian (?) of the public peace, morrils,
etc., who, when he was on his _Beat_, haden't the least objection to
anybody else bein' on _their beat_. He wasen't lookin' our way, but was
star-gazin', seein' if the sines was rite for him to go and take another
drink.

"You are sure you saw me drop this wallet?" said I, addressin' the
President of the Penny-antee Society.

"I'le take my affidavy on it," said he.

I pulled out $50 and handed it to the boy, who handed me the pocket-book.

"Mrs. GREEN! Mrs. GREEN!" soliloquised I, as I walked away, feelin' as
rich as if I held a good fat goverment offis, "if you could only see
your old man now, methinks you'd feel sorry that you hid all of his
close one mornin' last spring, so he coulden't go and attend a barn
raisin'. Yes, madam, your talented husband has struck ile."

I stepped in a stairway to count my little fortin. I was very much
agitated. The wallet was soon opened; when--

"Ye ministers fallen from grace, defend us!" was the first exclamation
which bust 4th from my lips; for I hope to be flambusticated if I hadn't
gone and paid $50 for a lot of brown paper, rapt up into patent medesin
advertisements, printed like greenbax.

For a few minnits I was crazier than a loon.

I rusht madly into the street, runnin' into an old apple woman, nockin'
her "gally west."

I quickly jumped to my feet and begun hollerin':

"Murder! Thieves! Robbers!"

The Policemen scattered, while a crowd of ragged urchins colected about
me. "My youthful vagabones," roared I, as loud as I could scream, "bring
along your stuffed wallets. The market price of brown paper is $50 an
ounce on call.--If you are lookin' for a greenhorn, I'me your man."

I then broke my umbreller over a lamp-post, and button-hold a passer by,
offerin him a $100 if he'd send me to a loonatic asilum.

Seein' a sine on the opposite corner which read: "Weigher's Office," I
rusht wildly in, and said to a man:

"Captin, I've been _litened_. If you've got such a thing as a pair of
apothecary's scales about your premises, dump me on and give me the
figgers."

I then tried to jump through a winder, but the man caught me by the cote
tails, and haulin' me back, sot me down into a cheer.

I soon got cooled down, when I told the man how I'de been swindled, and
asked him what I had better do.

"Do?" said he, laffin' as if heed bust. "My advice is, for you to take
the next train for your home, and then charge your loss to the acc't of
seein' the elefant."

It hain't often I git took in, but that time I was swallered,
specturcals, white hat and all, as slick as if I'de been buttered all
over.

I don't intend to let Mrs. GREEN know anything about this little
adventoor, but just as like as not, some day when I hain't thinking she
will worm it out of me, when Mariar will no doubt say:

"Sarved you rite, you old ignoramus; that's what you git for stoppin'
takin' the weekly noosepapers, because they won't print the darned
nonsents you set up to rite, when you orter be to bed and asleep."

Ewers, lite as a fether,

HIRAM GREEN, Esq.,

_Lait Gustise of the Peece._


       *       *       *       *       *


A Serious Complication.

The English language is a "mighty onsartin" one. Here, now, in a
magazine sketch, we find it stated that one of the characters of the
story was "as rich as CROESUS, and a good fellow to boot." Vernacularly,
this is correct; and yet so equivocal is it that it puzzles one to think
why the acquisition of wealth should subject the holder of it to the
liability of being kicked.

       *       *       *       *       *

Enough Said.

"Modern physiologists," said the Doctor, "have arrived at the conclusion
that man begins as a cell."

"And what about woman?" returned the Scalper, "doesn't she begin as a
sell, continue as a sell, and depart as a sell?"

"She does," replied the doctor.

       *       *       *       *       *

A Relative Question.

Would the marriage of a Daughter of a Canon to a Son of a Gun come
within the laws prohibiting marriage between relatives too nearly
connected?

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: THE (JOHN) REAL DEMOCRACY OF NEW YORK CITY.]

       *       *       *       *       *

A CRABBED HISTORY.

Most people have a peculiar fondness for crabs. A dainty succulent soft
shell crab, nicely cooked and well browned, tempts the eye of the
epicure and makes his mouth water. Even a hard shell is not to be
despised when no other is attainable. We eat them with great gusto,
thinking they are "so nice," without considering for a moment that they
have feelings and sentiments of their own, or are intended for any other
purpose than the gratification of our palate. But that is a mistake
which I will try to rectify in order that the _bon vivant_ may enjoy
hereafter the pleasures of a mental and bodily feast conjointly.

Most crabs are hatched from eggs, and begin life in a very small way.
They float round in the water, at first, without really knowing what
they are about. They have but little sense to start with, but after a
while improve and begin to strike out in a blind instinctive way, which,
after a few efforts, resolves itself into real genuine swimming. They
commence walking about the same time. Awkward straggling steps, to be
sure, but they get over the ground, and that is the most they care for.

When they are about a month old they begin to feel that life has its
realities, and that they must do something towards the end for which
they were made. The thought is faint at first, but by degrees grows
weightier, till at last they can stand it no longer, and, making a great
effort to throw off the incubus of babyhood that weighs so heavily upon
them, they burst open the back door of their shell and slowly creep out
backwards. It takes about five minutes for them to get entirely out,
head, legs and all, and then for a moment or two they gaze in
stupefaction at their old shell, amazed to find that they have, by their
own efforts, unaided and alone, accomplished such a wonderful change.

The thought is overwhelming. It fills them with pride; rejoicingly they
exult, and swell with gratification. This state of self-gratulation
lasts about twenty minutes, at the end of which time they have increased
their bulk to nearly double its former size, and they remain so.

They can't get back into the old shell now, for it won't fit them, and
as there is no other for them to go into, the only thing left for them
to do is to build another house.

It takes three or four days before they get fairly to work, and during
this time they are called soft-shell crabs. This stage is particularly
dangerous to the delicate creatures, for they, in their tender beauty,
are so attractive to hungry fishes that it is really a wonder any
escape. Tender, helpless, innocent and beautiful, they are almost sure
to be victimized and gormandized.

Some, however, escape the fate intended for them, and in a few days
begin to enjoy life in a crabbed sort of a way. Another month passes on.
They become restless and uneasy, and feel that it won't do to stay too
long in one place. They think they had better make another change, and
so this time, in a more self-confident manner, they pack up and move out
at the back door again. They are no more provident now, however, than
they were at first, for, after having given up the old house, they have
no new one to move into. They are not troubled as we are with
house-hunting; they are good builders, and can make one to suit
themselves. A wise provision of nature, for these interesting creatures
are really obliged monthly to go out doors to grow.

This state is to them doubly dangerous. Mankind they always have to
fear, but now they are tempting to their own race. A wicked old crab
goes out for a stroll. The walk gives him an appetite; he looks around
for something to eat and spies a younger brother just moving.
Treacherously be plants himself behind a stone or shell, and watches the
process, chuckling in his inmost stomach over the dainty meal in
prospect. The youthful one has just got clear of his old home and its
restraints, and is delighting in his freedom, when up walks the vampire,
strikes him a blow on his defenceless head, knocks the life out of him,
and then sits down to a dinner of soft-shell crab. He is an old
sportsman, and enjoys exceedingly the meal gained by his own prowess.

Dinner over, he wipes his claws on the muddy table-cloth and walks out
for his digestion. Off in the distance he spies a young gentleman crab
making love to a beautiful female. He looks at her with a discriminating
eye. Sees she is fair to look upon, and thinks he would like to be
acquainted. He makes several sideway moves in the direction, ungraceful,
but satisfactory to himself, and as he advances his admiration
increases, his courage improves; he feels almost heroic. The observant
lover with staring eyes perceives the advancing strides of another
gentleman crab, and instantly, seized with jealous fears, clasps his
_inamorata_ to his shelly breast with his numerous little legs, holds
her tightly so that she can't fall, and walks off on his hands.

The old cannibal observes the change of base, feels insulted at the
implied distrust, and resolves to have satisfaction. Increasing his
efforts, he soon overtakes the runaway lovers, challenges his rival by
giving him a dig with his claw, and tells him to "come out and show
himself a crab." Of course no crab of spirit is going to receive an
insult before his beloved and not resent it; with one painful quiver of
his little legs, he sets the lady crab down, and then the two amorous
lovers proceed to deadly combat. Love strengthens the young crab's
heart. Justice nerves his arm; and soon a lucky blow from the sharp claw
pierces in a vital part the hardened sinner, who, with a gulp, gives up
the contest and his life at once.

An exultant shout bubbles up in the water, and then the heroic defender
of crabbed maidenhood leads his beloved to view the remains of this
ravager of hard-shell rights.

They rejoice over the fallen adversary a while, and then, to make their
happiness more complete, and to prosper his wooing, the victor invites
his love to dine on the tender part of the victim.

The invitation is gladly accepted, and they enjoy a delicious meal,
rendered doubly tasteful from the fact that they are feasting on an
enemy.

The facts deduced from the above history prove that crabs have tastes
and feelings just as mankind have. They are gallant to their females;
never engage in combat with the weaker sex; fight and kill each other
when angry; love good eating, and are cannibalistic--which last habit
they may have learned from their ancestors of the Feejee Islands.

       *       *       *       *       *

BAITED BREATH.--That of the boy who had "wums fur bait" in his mouth.

       *       *       *       *       *

OCTOBER JOTTINGS.

Attracted by the dulcet strains of a brass band, a day or two since,
PUNCHINELLO ascended to the summit of the N.E. tower of his residence,
looking from which he beheld a target company all with crimson shirts
ablaze marching up the Bowery. Then, glancing over towards Long Island,
he observed that Nature was already assuming her russet robes, which
circumstance, combined with that of the target company, reminded him
that the shooting season had just commenced. A few hints to young
sportsmen, then, from so old a one as PUNCHINELLO, will not, be hopes,
be taken amiss--not even though, in shooting phrase, a miss is generally
as good as a mile.

Before taking the field, look well to your shooting-irons.
Fowling-pieces are far more apt to Get Foul while they are lying away
during the off season, than when they are taken out for a day's sport by
the fowlers.

On releasing your gun from its summer prison, always examine it
carefully, to ascertain whether it is loaded. This you can do by looking
down into the barrel and touching the trigger with your toe. If your
head is blown off, then you may be sure that the gun was loaded.
Otherwise not.

Should your gun be a breech-loader, always load it at the muzzle. This
will show that you know better than the man who made it, or, at least,
that he is no better than you.

If you are a novice in gunnery it will be safest for you to put the shot
in before the powder. By doing this you will not only provide against
possible accidents, but will secure for yourself the reputation of being
a very safe man to go out shooting with.

When you go out with your gun, always dress in a shootable costume. For
instance, if you want to bag lots of Dead Rabbits, TWEED will be the
best stuff you can wear--especially about November 8th, on which day you
will be certain to find Some Quail about the polling places. (N.B. They
are beginning to quail already.)

The best time to acquire the art of shooting flying is fly time. Always
carry a whiskey flask about you, so that you can practice at Swallows.

When you hear the drum of the ruffed grouse, steal silently through the
thicket and let drive in the direction of the sound. Should you bring
down a target company instead of a ruffed grouse, so much the better. It
will only be bagging ruffs of another kind, and by silencing their drums
you will have conferred an obligation upon humanity.

There is much diversity of opinion regarding the best kind of dog for
fowling purposes. It all depends upon what work you want your dog to do
for you. If you want to have birds pointed, a pointer is best for your
purpose. If set, a setter. But if you want a dog that will go in and
kill without either pointing or setting, be sure that the Iron Dog is
the dog for your money. You can procure one of Staunch Blood by
application at Police Head-Quarters.

Before going out for a day's sport, resolve yourself into a committee of
one for the preservation of choice ornithological specimens. By this we
do not mean that you are to set up in business as a taxidermist, but
that you are bound--if a true sportsman--to protect the song birds, and
the birds that are useful in destroying noxious vermin, and all the
beautiful feathered creatures that ornament our woods, and fields, and
parks, from the depredations of the ignorant, loutish, pestilent,
pernicious pot-hunter. The Sportsmen's Clubs that have been organized
throughout the country should be supported by every true sportsman; and
if you lay a thick stick vigorously across the back of the first fool
you see about to kill Cock Robin, you will have established a very
efficacious Sportsman's Club of your own, and will have earned the best
regards of Mr. PUNCHINELLO to boot--by which he means, if you choose,
that you have his leave and license to boot the fellow into the bargain.

       *       *       *       *       *

MORE ABOUT CHIGNONS.

The chignon is coming to the front again. By this we do not mean that it
is worn, or likely to be worn before--in saying which the word "before"
is not used by us in its acceptation of previously, but in that of
front; although, now that we come to think of it, the _chignon_
certainly has been worn before, as may be seen by consulting
old-fashioned prints, in which it is shown worn behind. This, to the
ordinary mind, may seem rather confused; and so it is; but what else
could you expect from a writer when he has got _chignon_ upon the brain?

For newspapers the _chignon_ is just now a teeming subject. Every day or
so somebody writes to a paper, saying that be has discovered a new kind
of parasite, hatched by the genial warmth of woman's nape from some
deleterious padding or other used in the manufacture of her _chignon_.
Sometimes it is vegetable stuff, sometimes animal, but it always teems
with pedicular creatures akin to that low and vulgar kind not usually
recognized in polite society. All these horrors come and and don't make
much difference in the _chignon_ market; but PUNCHINELLO has a new one
that is calculated to create a sensation--about the nape of the female
neck--and here it is.

In the beech forests of Hungary, as is well known to Danubian explorers,
there exists a very remarkable breed of pigs, one of their peculiarities
being that they are covered with wool instead of with bristles. These
pigs are shorn regularly every year, like sheep. Their wool, which is
very stiff and curly, is used for stuffing cushions and mattresses of
the cheap and nasty kind. Since _chignons_ have come into fashion, a
vast amount of pig's wool has been imported for their manufacture. By
microscopic investigation the wool of the Hungary pig has been found
swarming with _trichinae_; to a fearful extent. Now, it is easy to
imagine that the _trichinae_ obtained from a hungry pig must be of a
very insatiable and ravenous disposition, and this is but too often
realized by the silly wearers of the porcine _chignons_, into whose
brains, (when they happen to have any,) the horrible little parasites
worm their way in myriads, rendering their hapless victims pig-headed to
an extent that defies description either with pen or pencil.

The Pig-faced Woman exhibited some time ago in Europe was once a very
pretty girl, her hideous deformity being the result of wearing a
_chignon_ stuffed with Hungary pigs' wool.

In purchasing a pig _chignon_, then, the Girl of the Period had better
look out that she does not get "too much pork for a shilling."

       *       *       *       *       *

MATCHING THE MATCHLESS.

Matchmaking has always been traditionally supposed to be the chief end
of woman. No wonder that, with the spread of the new theories of woman's
rights, therefore, we find them invading departments of industry which
were formerly supposed to be peculiarly the domain of the stronger sex.
We have recently seen running matches, swimming matches, rowing matches,
and other fancy matches, made by women. And why not? The women are wise
in thus preparing themselves for proficiency in the arts of primary
elections, ballot stuffing and the rest, incidental to untrammelled
suffrage.

In regard to this, also, it may not be amiss to suggest that this
passion for match-making lies at the bottom of the recent increase in
divorce, which so alarms some timid moralists. Certain it is that easy
divorce enlarges the opportunities for its gratification, and to be
"fancy" and "free" is no longer a charm peculiar only to "maiden
meditation."

       *       *       *       *       *

HISTORY FACTORY.

Card to the Public.

The undersigned, having recently increased their facilities for the
manufacture of History upon an unusually large scale, would hereby
announce to their patrons and the public in general that they have
associated with them Messrs. VICTOR EMANUEL and General TROCHU.

LOUIS NAPOLEON,

M. BISMARCK,

WM. O'PRUSSIA,

       *       *       *       *       *

Commercial.

A proof of the present great depression in the Whaling business is the
fact that the editor of the _Sun_ still walks about unflogged.

       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: HORSE-CAR AMENITIES.

_Conductor_. "Wanted to get off, did you?--Then why in thunder didn't
you say so?"]

       *       *       *       *       *

THE CHOICE OF PARIS (IN AMERICA.)

    One drink, dear friend, before we part--
      Before I tempt the shining sea;
    One drink to pledge each constant heart--
      Yet stay, what shall the tipple be?

    My eyes are dazed with bar-room "signs"
      In which, I pray, shall friendship conquer?
    Can alien I drink "native" wines?
      Are Jew-lips Christian tipple, _mon coeur_?

    This "cobbler"--is't a heeling drink?
      A "smash" were surely inauspicious;
    _Toute de-suite_, two "sours"--yet I think
      Ah! _qu'est-ce-qui c'est!_--acetate is vicious!

    _Garcon!_ two "skins"--the name is 'cute---
      You Yankees "twig" the pharmaceutical;
    But hold! art sure the flay-vor'll suit?
      Will it not smack too much of cuticle?

    No, boy, no "skins." Let's try some beer,
      A milder fluid for to-day;
    Ottawa bring us--_c'est a dire_,
      Some beer that keeps the 'ot away.

    No? Well, some ale: in limpid Bass
      We'll drown our thirst and parting grief;
    Come drink--_arretez!_ this _must_ pass--
      'Twould look too much like bas-relief!

    The hour arrives; our lips are dry;
      What _shall_ it be? Oh, name it for me!
    A _tasse_ of gin? I drink and fly
      To toss upon the ocean stormy.

       *       *       *       *       *


"NOTHING LIKE LEATHER."

Freedom of action is one of the greatest boons enjoyed by mankind in
modern days. Its rate of progress is encouraging, especially since the
Liberal Club of this city has taken it under its protection. It is a
very significant association, is the Liberal Club; rather iconoclastic,
to be sure, but only a little ahead of the times, perhaps, in that
respect; Some of our cherished forms of speech have already been
rendered obsolete by the Liberal Club. It used to be such a clincher to
say, when one wanted to enforce a point by indicating an impossibility,
"I will eat my boots unless"--etc., etc. That clincher has gone to the
place whither good clinchers go, forever. At a late meeting of the
Liberal Club, Professor VAN DER WEYDE contributed to the evening
collation a pudding made of an old boot. The pudding was garnished with
the wooden pegs that had kept the boot together, sole and body, while it
walked the earth. The boot-jack with which the original source of the
pudding used to be pulled off was also exhibited, and excited great
interest. It is the intention, of the Professor to subject this
implement to some process by which it will be resolved into farina, or
sawdust, and then to make a Jack Pudding of it. Many of the ladies and
gentlemen present partook of the boot pudding, and pronounced it
excellent. One lady, (a member of Sorosis, we believe,) said that she
thought it tasted like a pear. The Professor assured her, however, that
he had used but one boot in making it, not a pair. Altogether, the
pudding was a success. Freedom of action had been vindicated, and the
absurd prejudice that had hitherto prevented men from utilizing their
old boots as food, except in extreme cases, was shattered with one blow.

       *       *       *       *       *

PANOPLY FOR OUR POLICE.

PUNCHINELLO felicitates the Municipal Police Force on the magnificent
new shields with which the manly breasts of its members are decorated.
Nevertheless, PUNCHINELLO considers it sheer mockery to call that a
shield by which nothing is shielded. A buckle might as well be called a
buckler as the policeman's badge a shield. Already our noble skirmishers
of the side-walk are fully provided for the offensive, and, considering
the risks run by them from the roughs, the toughs and the gruffs, it is
high time that they were furnished with something in the defensive line.
Curb-chain undershirts have been suggested, but an objection to their
use is that links of them are apt to be carried into the interior
anatomy by pistol bullets, thus introducing a surplus of iron into the
blood,--an accession which is apt to steel the heart of the officer thus
experimented on, and so render him deaf to the cries of innocence in
distress. PUNCHINELLO suggests, then, that the policeman's shield should
_be_ a shield. Let it be made sufficiently large to cover the most
vulnerable portion of the person, as shown in the annexed design. If
made of gong-metal, so much the better, as the wearer could then ring
out signals upon it with his locust far more effectively than by the
present ridiculous mode of beating up rowdydow upon the flag-stones.
Although our gallant Municipal Blue is never backward in facing danger,
yet it might be judicious for him to wear a shield upon his back as well
as upon his front, because it is just possible that, in case of a row,
his large, heavy boots might be conveying him away in a direction
diametrically opposite to the spot at which the shooting was going on.

[Illustration]

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ARE OFFERING                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                    EXTRAORDINARY BARGAINS                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                    LADIES' ENGLISH HOSE,                     |
  |                     FULL REGULAR MAKES,                      |
  |                From 25 cents per pair upward.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                            ALSO,                             |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GENTLEMENS' HALF HOSE,                    |
  |           EXTRA QUALITY, 25 cents per pair upward.           |
  |                                                              |
  |                       LADIES LINES OF                        |
  |                   Ladies' and Gentlemens'                    |
  |                  Silk and Merino Underwear.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                          BROADWAY,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              8th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                      Grand Exposition.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. STEWART & CO.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         HAVE OPENED                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                   A Splendid Assortment of                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                     PARIS MADE DRESSES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |          From Worth E Pingnet and other Celebrated           |
  |                            Makers                            |
  |                                                              |
  |                    ALSO, LARGE ADDITIONS,                    |
  |                  OF THEIR OWN MANUFACTURE,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |           Cut and Trimmed by Artists equal, if not           |
  |                superior, to any in this city.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Millinery, Bonnets, & Hats                  |
  |          Eligantly Trimmed, from Virot's and other           |
  |          Modletes of the highest Parisian standing.          |
  |                                                              |
  |            The Prices of the Above are Extremely             |
  |                         Attractive.                          |
  |                                                              |
  |                           BROADWAY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |              4th Avenue, 9th and 10th Streets.               |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                   Extraordinary Bargains.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                     A. T. Stewart & Co.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                         ARE OFFERING                         |
  |                      GRAY MIXED SUITS,                       |
  |             MADE OF BEST QUALITY FRINGED CHEVIOT             |
  |                      SUITINGS, $8 EACH.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                 Scotch Plaid Fringed Suits,                  |
  |                 VERY HANDSOME, ALSO $8 EACH.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                      WATERPROOF SUITS,                       |
  |                WITH DEEP OVERSKITS, $10 EACH.                |
  |                                                              |
  |                       A LARGE STOCK OF                       |
  |                     POPLIN ALPACA SUITS,                     |
  |                   CHOICE SHADES OF COLOR,                    |
  |                    From $12 each upward.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                          Heavy Rich                          |
  |                    SILK AND POPLIN SUITS,                    |
  |           ELEGANTLY TRIMMED, FROM $60 EACH UPWARD            |
  |                                                              |
  |                  ONE CASE PARIS-MADE SUITS,                  |
  |                 One Case Handsome Millinery,                 |
  |                    THREE CASES CHILDREN'S                    |
  |                    Part, and London Made                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             Dresses, Suits, Robes and Underwear,             |
  |              One Case Pattern Velvet and Cloth.              |
  |            Cloaks, Sacques and Richly Embroidered            |
  |                      Breakfast Jackets,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                  AT VERY ATTRACTIVE PRICES.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                           BROADWAY                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               4TH AVE., 9TH AND 10TH STREETS,                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  | The first number of this Illustrated Humorous and Satirical  |
  |   Weekly Paper was issued under date of April 2, 1870. The   |
  |   Press and the Public in every State and Territory of the   |
  |     Union endorse it as the best paper of the kind ever      |
  |                    published in America.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                  CONTENTS ENTIRELY ORIGINAL                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Subscription for one year, (with $2.00 premium,)  . .  $4.00 |
  |   "         "  six months, (without premium,) . . .     2.00 |
  |   "         "  three months,  . . . . . . . . . . .     1.00 |
  | Single copies mailed free, for  . . . . . . . . . . . .  .10 |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | "We offer the following elegant premiums of L. PRANG & CO'S  |
  |            CHROMOS for subscriptions as follows:             |
  |                                                              |
  |              A copy of paper for one year, and               |
  |                                                              |
  |     "The Awakening," (a Litter of Puppies.) Half chromo.     |
  | Size 8-3/8 by 11-1/8 ($2.00 picture,)--for. . . . . .  $4.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |        A copy of paper for one year and either of the        |
  |                   following $3.00 chromos:                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  _Wild Roses._ 12-1/8 x 9.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Dead Game. 11-1/8 x 8-5/8.                  |
  |                                                              |
  | Easter Morning. 6-3/5 x 10-1/4--for. . . . . . . . .   $5.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |        A copy of paper for one year and either of the        |
  |                   following $5.00 chromos                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                      Group of Chickens;                      |
  |                     Group of Ducklings;                      |
  |                       Group of Quails.                       |
  |                      Each 10 x 12-1/8.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                The Poultry Yard. 10-1/8 x 14                 |
  |                                                              |
  |        The Barefoot Boy; Wild Fruit. Each 9-3/4 x 13.        |
  |                                                              |
  | Pointer and Quail; Spaniel and Woodcock. 10 x 12 for   $6.50 |
  |                                                              |
  |        A copy of paper for one year and either of the        |
  |                   following $6.00 chromos                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                     The Baby in Trouble;                     |
  |                   The Unconscious Sleeper;                   |
  |      The Two Friends. (Dog and Child.) Each 13 x 16-3/4      |
  |                                                              |
  |           Spring; Summer; Autumn 12-1/8 x 16-1/2.            |
  |                                                              |
  | The Kid's Play Ground. 11 x 17-1/2--for . . . . .  .   $7.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |        A copy of paper for one year and either of the        |
  |                   following $7.50 chromos                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                  Strawberries and Baskets.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                    Cherries and Baskets.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Currants. Each 13 x 18.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |              Horses in a Storm. 22-1/4 x 15-1/4              |
  |                                                              |
  | Six Central Park Views. (A set.) 9-1/8 x 4-1/2--for .  $8.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |               A copy of paper for one year and               |
  |                                                              |
  |         Six American Landscapes. (A set.) 4-3/8 x 9,         |
  | price $9.00--for  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .  .   $9.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |        A copy of paper for one year and either of the        |
  |                    following $10 chromos:                    |
  |                                                              |
  |        Sunset in California. (Bierstadt) 18-1/8 x 12         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   Easter Morning. 14 x 21.                   |
  |                                                              |
  |             Corregio's Magdalen. 12-1/2 x 16-1/8             |
  |                                                              |
  |       Summer Fruit, and Autumn Fruit. (Half chromes.)        |
  |   15-1/2 x 10-1/2, (companions, price $10.00 for the two),   |
  |                                                 --for $10.00 |
  |                                                              |
  |  Remittances should be made in P.O. Orders, Drafts, or Bank  |
  | Checks on New York, or Registered letters. The paper will be |
  |    sent from the first number, (April 2d, 1870,) when not    |
  |                      otherwise ordered.                      |
  |                                                              |
  |  Postage of paper is payable at the office where received,   |
  |     twenty cents per year, or five cents per quarter, in     |
  |   advance; the CHROMOS will be _mailed free on receipt of    |
  |                            money.                            |
  |                                                              |
  |    CANVASSERS WANTED, to whom liberal commissions will be    |
  |        given. For special terms address the Company.         |
  |                                                              |
  |  The first ten numbers will be sent to any one desirous of   |
  |   seeing the paper before subscribing, for SIXTY CENTS. A    |
  |   specimen copy sent to any one desirous of canvassing or    |
  |       getting up a club, on receipt of postage stamp.        |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |        P.O. Box 2783. No. 83 Nassau Street. New York.        |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+


       *       *       *       *       *

[Illustration: AGGRAVATING.

_Sidewalk Merchant_. "BUY A BUNDLE OF TOOTHPICKS, BOSS--ONLY THREE
CENTS." _Old Gent_. "TOOTHPICKS?--WHY, I'VE JUST BIN AND HAD MY LAST
TOOTH OUT!"]

       *       *       *       *       *

  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |          "THE PRINTING HOUSE OF THE UNITED STATES"           |
  |                             AND                              |
  |          "THE UNITED STATES ENVELOPE MANUFACTORY."           |
  |                                                              |
  |                    GEORGE F. NESBITT & CO                    |
  |                                                              |
  | 163,165,167,169 Pearl St., & 73,75,77,79 Pine St., New-York. |
  |                                                              |
  |                     Execute all kinds of                     |
  |                          PRINTING,                           |
  |                     Furnish all kinds of                     |
  |                         STATIONERY,                          |
  |                      Make all kinds of                       |
  |                         BLANK BOOKS,                         |
  |                 Execute the finest styles of                 |
  |                         LITHOGRAPHY                          |
  |                 Makes the Best and Cheapest                  |
  |                          ENVELOPES                           |
  |                 Ever offered to the Public.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |   They have made all the pre-paid Envelopes for the United   |
  |States Post-Office Department for the past 16 years, and have |
  |  INVARIABLY BEEN THE LOWEST BIDDERS. Their Machinery is the  |
  |   most complete, rapid and economical known in the trade.    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                Travelers West and South-West                 |
  |                 Should bear in mind that the                 |
  |                         ERIE RAILWAY                         |
  |          IS BY FAR THE CHEAPEST, QUICKEST, AND MOST          |
  |                      COMFORTABLE ROUTE,                      |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |       Making Direct and Sure Connection at CINCINNATI,       |
  |                        with all Lines                        |
  |                       By Rail or River                       |
  |            For NEW ORLEANS, LOUISVILLE,  MEMPHIS,            |
  |                    ST. LOUIS, VICKSBURG,                     |
  |                      NASHVILLE, MOBILE,                      |
  |             And All Points South and South-west.             |
  |                                                              |
  | Its DRAWING-ROOM and SLEEPING COACHES on all Express Trains, |
  |  running through to Cincinnati without change, are the most  |
  |   elegant and spacious used upon any Road in this country,   |
  |   being fitted up in the most elaborate manner, and having   |
  |  every modern improvement introduced for the comfort of its  |
  |   patrons; running upon the BROAD GAUGE; revealing scenery   |
  | along the Line unequalled upon this Continent, and rendering |
  |   a trip over the ERIE, one of the delights and pleasures    |
  |              of this life not to be forgotten.               |
  |                                                              |
  |   By applying at the Offices of the Erie Railway Co., Nos.   |
  |  241, 529 and 957 Broadway; 205 Chambers St.; 38 Greenwich   |
  |   St.; cor. 125th St. and Third Avenue, Harlem; 338 Fulton   |
  |  St., Brooklyn: Depots foot of Chambers Street, and foot of  |
  |  23d St., New York; and the Agents at the principal hotels,  |
  | travelers can obtain just the Ticket they desire, as well as |
  |                all the necessary information.                |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   VOL. I, ENDING SEPT. 24,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |                    BOUND IN EXTRA CLOTH,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                        IS NOW READY.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                        PRICE $2. 50.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |    Sent free by any Publisher on receipt of price, or by     |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                 83 Nassau Street, New York.                  |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |    PRANG'S LATEST PUBLICATIONS: "Joy of Autumn," "Prairie    |
  |            Flowers," "Lake George," "West Point."            |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S CHROMOS Sold in all Art Stores throughout the world. |
  |                                                              |
  | PRANG'S ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE sent free on receipt of stamp. |
  |                                                              |
  |                   L. PRANG & CO., Boston.                    |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   With a large and varied experience in the management and   |
  | publication of a paper of the class herewith submitted, and  |
  |  with the still more positive advantage of an Ample Capital  |
  |               to justify the undertaking, the                |
  |                                                              |
  |                  PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                   OF THE CITY OF NEW YORK,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |         Presents to the public for approval, the new         |
  |                                                              |
  |              ILLUSTRATED HUMOROUS AND SATIRICAL              |
  |                                                              |
  |                        WEEKLY PAPER,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                         PUNCHINELLO,                         |
  |                                                              |
  |          The first number of which was issued under          |
  |                       date of April 2.                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                      ORIGINAL ARTICLES,                      |
  |                                                              |
  | Suitable for the paper, and Original Designs, or suggestive  |
  | ideas or sketches for illustrations, upon the topics of the  |
  |  day, are always acceptable and will be paid for liberally.  |
  |                                                              |
  |  Rejected communications cannot be returned, unless postage  |
  |                     stamps are inclosed.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |                            TERMS:                            |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, per year, in advance....................... $4.00  |
  |                                                              |
  | Single copies,......................................... .10  |
  |                                                              |
  |         A specimen copy will be mailed free upon the         |
  |                    receipt of ten cents.                     |
  |                                                              |
  |     One copy, with the Riverside Magazine, or any other      |
  |  magazine or paper, price, $2.50, for................. 5.50  |
  |                                                              |
  | One copy, with any magazine or paper, price, $4, for.. 7.00  |
  |                                                              |
  |  All communications, remittances, etc., to be addressed to   |
  |                                                              |
  |                 PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING CO.,                  |
  |                                                              |
  |                    No. 83 Nassau Street,                     |
  |                                                              |
  |             P. O. Box, 2783,          NEW YORK.              |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+
  |                                                              |
  |                 THE MYSTERY OF MR. E. DROOD.                 |
  |                                                              |
  |                  The New Burlesque Serial,                   |
  |                                                              |
  |              Written Expressly for PUNCHINELLO,              |
  |                                                              |
  |                              BY                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                       ORPHEUS C. KERR,                       |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  | Commenced in No. 11, will be continued weekly throughout the |
  |                            year.                             |
  |                                                              |
  | A sketch of the eminent author, written by his bosom friend, |
  |                 with superb illustrations of                 |
  |                                                              |
  |    1ST. THE AUTHOR'S PALATIAL RESIDENCE AT BEGAD'S HILL,     |
  |                TICKNOR'S FIELDS, NEW JERSEY.                 |
  |                                                              |
  | 2D. THE AUTHOR AT THE DOOR OF SAID PALATIAL RESIDENCE, taken |
  |  as he appears "Every Saturday," will also be found in the   |
  |                         same number.                         |
  |                                                              |
  |   Single Copies, for sale by all newsmen, (or mailed from    |
  |  this office, free,) Ten Cents. Subscription for One Year,   |
  |            one copy, with $2 Chromo Premium, $4.             |
  |                                                              |
  |  Those desirous of receiving the paper containing this new   |
  |    serial, which promises to be the best ever written by     |
  | ORPHEUS C. KERR, should subscribe now, to insure its regular |
  |                       receipt weekly.                        |
  |                                                              |
  |   We will send the first Ten Numbers of PUNCHINELLO to any   |
  |  one who wishes to see them, in view of subscribing, on the  |
  |                   receipt of SIXTY CENTS.                    |
  |                                                              |
  |                                                              |
  |                           Address,                           |
  |                                                              |
  |               PUNCHINELLO PUBLISHING COMPANY,                |
  |                                                              |
  |                        P.O. Box 2783                         |
  |                                                              |
  |                   83 Nassau St., New York.                   |
  |                                                              |
  +--------------------------------------------------------------+

GEO. W. WHEAT & Co, PRINTERS, No. 8 SPRUCE STREET.










End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Punchinello, Vol. 2, No. 29, October
15, 1870, by Various

*** END OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK PUNCHINELLO, VOL. 2, NO. 29 ***

***** This file should be named 10047.txt or 10047.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/0/4/10047/

Produced by Cornell University, Joshua Hutchinson,
Steve Schulze and PG Distributed Proofreaders

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
will be renamed.

Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
(and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United States without
permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complying with the
rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
practically ANYTHING with public domain eBooks.  Redistribution is
subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
redistribution.



*** START: FULL LICENSE ***

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
Gutenberg-tm License (available with this file or online at
http://gutenberg.net/license).


Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works

1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or destroy
all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the person or
entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.

1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.  See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Foundation"
or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
individual work is in the public domain in the United States and you are
located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
are removed.  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with
the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.

1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this agreement
before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
the copyright status of any work in any country outside the United
States.

1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear prominently
whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
copied or distributed:

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net

1.E.2.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
and distributed to anyone in the United States without paying any fees
or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
through 1.E.7 or obtain permission for the use of the work and the
Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
1.E.9.

1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
permission of the copyright holder found at the beginning of this work.

1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5.  Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
"Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.net),
you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the user, provide a
copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
that

- You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
     the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
     you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
     owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
     has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
     Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  Royalty payments
     must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
     prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
     returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
     sent to the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the
     address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
     the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."

- You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
     you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
     does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
     License.  You must require such a user to return or
     destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
     and discontinue all use of and all access to other copies of
     Project Gutenberg-tm works.

- You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
     money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
     electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days
     of receipt of the work.

- You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
     distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark.  Contact the
Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
public domain works in creating the Project Gutenberg-tm
collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
"Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other intellectual
property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
your equipment.

1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH F3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3.  LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from.  If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
refund.  If you received the work electronically, the person or entity
providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS," WITH NO OTHER
WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTIBILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates the
law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.

1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in accordance
with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
that arise directly or indirectly from any of the following which you do
or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.


Section  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.  It exists
because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need, is critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future generations.
To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
and the Foundation web page at http://www.pglaf.org.


Section 3.  Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541.  Its 501(c)(3) letter is posted at
http://pglaf.org/fundraising.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at
809 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887, email
business@pglaf.org.  Email contact links and up to date contact
information can be found at the Foundation's web site and official
page at http://pglaf.org

For additional contact information:
     Dr. Gregory B. Newby
     Chief Executive and Director
     gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
particular state visit http://pglaf.org

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including including checks, online payments and credit card
donations.  To donate, please visit: http://pglaf.org/donate


Section 5.  General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
works.

Professor Michael S. Hart is the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
with anyone.  For thirty years, he produced and distributed Project
Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
unless a copyright notice is included.  Thus, we do not necessarily
keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.

Each eBook is in a subdirectory of the same number as the eBook's
eBook number, often in several formats including plain vanilla ASCII,
compressed (zipped), HTML and others.

Corrected EDITIONS of our eBooks replace the old file and take over
the old filename and etext number.  The replaced older file is renamed.
VERSIONS based on separate sources are treated as new eBooks receiving
new filenames and etext numbers.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:

     http://www.gutenberg.net

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

EBooks posted prior to November 2003, with eBook numbers BELOW #10000,
are filed in directories based on their release date.  If you want to
download any of these eBooks directly, rather than using the regular
search system you may utilize the following addresses and just
download by the etext year.

     http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext06

    (Or /etext 05, 04, 03, 02, 01, 00, 99,
     98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90)

EBooks posted since November 2003, with etext numbers OVER #10000, are
filed in a different way.  The year of a release date is no longer part
of the directory path.  The path is based on the etext number (which is
identical to the filename).  The path to the file is made up of single
digits corresponding to all but the last digit in the filename.  For
example an eBook of filename 10234 would be found at:

     http://www.gutenberg.net/1/0/2/3/10234

or filename 24689 would be found at:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/2/4/6/8/24689

An alternative method of locating eBooks:
     http://www.gutenberg.net/GUTINDEX.ALL


The Project Gutenberg EBook of Nova analysis aquarum Medeviensium
by Joens Jacob Berzelius

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.net


Title: Nova analysis aquarum Medeviensium

Author: Joens Jacob Berzelius

Release Date: November 16, 2003 [EBook #10054]

Language: Latin

Character set encoding: ISO Latin-1

*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK NOVA ANALYSIS AQUARUM MEDEVIENSIUM ***




Produced by Lars Aronsson and the Project Runeberg




"Nova analysis aquarum Medeviensium" is a scientific paper in Latin
about the quality of the water of the health spa at Medevi in Sweden,
published in 1800 by Swedish chemist Joens Jacob Berzelius (1779-1848).

This e-text was produced for Project Gutenberg from Project Runeberg's
digital facsimile edition, available at http://runeberg.org/berzaqua/

This is a plain text file using the ISO 8859-1 (Latin-1) character set
(E,e = E,e-acute; A,a = A,a-ring; Ae,ae = A,a-umlaut; Oe,oe = O,o-umlaut).

Project Runeberg publishes free digital editions of Nordic literature.
We need more volunteers like you.  Learn more at http://runeberg.org/




                        Regio Collegio Medico
                               Sacrum.

                            NOVA ANALYSIS
                         AQUARUM MEDEVIENSIUM

                                 Quam
                     Venia ampliss. ord. philos.
                                p. p.
                                Praeses
                          Mag. A. G. EKEBERG
                           chem. Adjunctus
                  Reg. Acad. Scient. Stockh. Membr.
                                  ET
                                AUCTOR
                          JACOBUS BERZELIUS
                        Ostrog. Stip. Strandb.
               In audit Gust. Maj. D. VI Decemb. MDCCC.

                               Upsaliae
             Litteris Joh. Fr. Edman, Reg. Acad. Typogr.




Table of Contents

Nova analysis aquarum Medeviensium
Vetus sive insimus fons
Fons Medius
Fons supremus
Limes Medeviensis
Fons Lokaensis
Limus Lokaensis




NOVA ANALYSIS AQUARUM MEDEVIENSIUM


Aquae Medevienses a Cel. BERGMAN primum justa & consummata analysi
chemica exploratae sunt. In actis Reg. Acad. Scient. Holm. An. 1783. P.
4, p. 218, hanc suam disquisitionem exposuit. Sed Cel. Medicus S. R.
M. Primarius etc. D. Doct. S. HEDIN, hujus institutionis praefenti
tempore curator (Brunns Intendent,) cum variare interdum naturam
fontium & elementorum rationem, assiduis nobilissimorum chemicorum
investigationibus confirmatum esse, & in recentissimis praeterea chemiae
profectibus majora ad disquisitiones hujus generis subtilius
instituendas subsidia esse posita reputaverit, aestate superiori novam
analysin suscipiendam esse censuit; eamque mihi, ad Medevi vices
Chirurgi, ejus auspicio, tunc gerenti, mandavit. Quam cura
diligentiaque quanta maxima potuerim peractam, propter magnam ab
experientia summi viri discrepantiam, eorum. qui his rebus student,
judicio esse submittendam existimavi. Et cum etjam celebratum Loka
fontem limumque, antea rite consummateque non examinatum, eadem hac
praeterita aestate, ab ejus curatore D:o Doct. etc. ASCHAN sollicitatus,
adcurate sim perscrutatus, brevem ejus descriptionem, reservata in
aliam occasionem copiosiori experimentorum expositione, adjungere, ob
materiae similitudinem, institui.

Ex tribus fontibus, quibus jam uti licet, unus tantum, & is infimus,
ante nostram aetatem scaturivit. Olim quidem tres etjam numero fuerunt
fontes; duo autem reliqui, quos Cel. BERGMAN Roedbrunn & Dahlbrunn
appellat, jam ita cessaverunt, ut ne locum quidem ubi siti fuerint,
reperire potuerim. At curante Cel. HEDIN alii duo nuper aperti sunt &
aediculis belle superstructis hoc anno consummatis, tecti; ut
pauperibus usui essent, quibus antea circa horam tertiam matutinam
surgendi, necessitas erat, ne ex unica scaturigine petita aqua
opulentioribus ad horam sextam fontem adeuntibus deesset.




Vetus sive infimus fons.


Situs ejus est aliquanto depressior, ita tamen ut defluxus sit
facilis. Intra aedificium alto muro circumdatur, qui ad aequabile frigus
conservandum plurimum confert. Profundus est V pedes. Cantharos
circiter LX per horam effundit, cli temporisque varietate parum
affectus. Temperatura in superficie + 6,5; ad fundum 6, intra menses
aestivos non mutata. Sapor asper, multis nauseosus. Odor concussione
exprimitur hepaticus. In aperto vase sensim oxidum ferri demittit, &
odorem saporemque asperum perdit. Tincturam Heliotropii rubefacit, at
non post coctionem ferrive demissionem. Calce soluta turbatur, sed non
post coctionem. Acidum carbonicum in aqua ita prodi docent, si primo
calcis solutionem turbaverit, uberius autem adfusa solverit quae
praecipitata erant; quod vero hic non incidit, cum ferrum etjam
praecipitetur, ex quo praecipitarum flavescit; in aqua autem nihil vel
parum adsir liberi acidi carbonici. Cum acido sulphurico forti nulla
effervescentia. Solutiones Fernambuci aut Curcumae non mutatae. Cum ac.
gallaceo color violaceus; prussiate kali caeruleus purissimus; ex quo
post quietem XXIV horarum prussias ferri depositus; utrumque in aqua
cocta inefficax. Acidum oxalicum paullulum permutavit, sed non in
cruda solum, verum etjam in cocta; quod sulphatem calcis prodit.
Carbonas kali nihil. Natrum purum post horas XXIV luteolum
praecipitatum effecit. Similiter ammoniacum. Aliquantulum ac. azotici
in aquae portionem instillabatur, quae dein azotate barytae
praecipitabatur: pauxillum illud, quod post h. XXIV demissum erat, inde
separabatur, quo facto aqua azotate argenti praecipitabatur; hoc
praecipitatum suisse muriatem argenti exinde colligimus, quod luci
expositum nigrescebat; quod in carbonatibus argenti non accidit.
Azotas hydrargyri frigide praeparatus album dedit & subtile
praecipitatum, ad labra vitri adhaerens, & vix sensibile antequam aqua
effusa, vitrum aruisser. Azotas hydr. calide praeparatus & azotas
plumbi praecipitata fecerunt e luteo candicantia. Ad detegendum in aqua
hydrogenium sulphuratum multa sunt a chemicis proposita, at pleraque
non nisi in aquis saturatoribus efficacia. Ejusmodi sunt: argentum
metallicum; sed in fonte suspensus nummus argenteus bene politus post
IIX dies aeque splendebat; oxidum arsenici album; id vero in hac aqua
aequali tempore nihil passum est; acidum azoticum conc. quod,
hydrogenium oxidando sulphur praecipitare docent; illud autem heic
nihil tale effecit. Nihilominus olfactus hydrogenii sulphurati in hac
aqua index certissimus est. Azotas plumbi in forma sicca ad hydr.
sulph. valde sensibilis est; at solurus, propter suam ad aquam
attractionem, sulphure difficilius decomponitur. Scribebam autem hac
solutione in charta, quae vasi, in quo aqua fontana evaporaretur,
superimponebatur: vas sensim calefactum est, ut gas hydr. sulph.
quantum fieri posset siccum eliceretur: qua re etjam factum est, ut
litterae seriptae, pro varia gasis siccitate, quibusdam in locis
metallice splenderent & nigrescerent; aliis magis minusve perspicuae,
aliis non observabiles essent.

Post haec experimenta praecursoria, nostra in eo verfat, est opera, ut
quae in hac aqua soluta sint gasia fecernerentur. Quantum aquae
Cantharus unus capere potest [1] in vas retortum vitreum instillabatur
ejus magnitudinis, ut tertia pars vacua maneret: orificium subere
obturabatur, per quod aptatus erat tubus vitreus; cui vesica arcte
adligabatur. Tubus ad apparatum pneumaticium ducebat. Aqua, qua hunc
appatatum impleveram, quartam horae partem cocta erat, & jam intra
temperaturam + 85 & 100, igne subtus facto, servabatur. Supra enim
in recipulo pneumatico olei stratum fluitabat, ne, experimento
peracto, gas ab aqua refrigerata imbiberetur. Quamquam aqua, ut
diximus, antea diu servisset, bullae tamen aeris jam exinde per oleum
adscendentes animadvertebantur, ex cucurbita non venientes. Gas, quod
in apparatu pneumatico, postquam aqua in cucurbita horae tres quartas
partes servisset, receptum erat, minoris aliquanto voluminis fuit eo,
quod supra aquam in cucurbita fuerat, utroque in eadem temperatura
menso; ex quo sequitur, vapores aquosos non omnem ex superiori
cucurbitae parte aerem expulisse; quapropter hac methodo nihil certi de
quantitate naturave gasium in aqua fontana solutorum eruere
licet. Alia igitur utendum erat. Nec apparatum a Cel. BERGMAN (Om
Bitter-, Selzer-, Spa- och Pyrmontervattens halt och tillredning, Sec.
8. Fig. 1.) comparare poteram. Hanc igitur, scopo, ut videtur, optime
inservientem experiundi rationem inveni. Orificium lagenae vitreae,
adcurate ejus capacitatem emensus, subere optimo obturabam, per quod
tubus vitreus, ut in experimentis pneumaticis solet, curvatus
ingerebatur ita, ut altera ejus extremitas ultra suber in lagena non
exstaret. Et lagena & huic ita adjunctus tubus aqua examinanda
implebantur, ne minima quidem aeris atmosphaerici bulla observabili
relicta. Lagena ad commissuram luto vesicaque rite munita, in balneo
arenae ponebatur.  Apparatu pneumatico eodem as supra utebar; sed jam
aqua plus horam ante initium experimenti fervisser. (Vas, in quo
fervebat, ejus capacitatis erat, ut quod exhalaret cruda aqua
compensare opus non esset). In ipso recipulo apparatus aqua, ut ante,
oleo operiebatur.  Huic methodo aliquis objicere forsitan posset,
aquam fontanam in lagena calore valde dilatari ante quam gasia exinde
abeant; ita partem expelli & amitti. Sed ubi haec pars aquae venerit in
aquam bullientem apparatus pneumatici sub recipulum, gasia, quibus
praegnans est, mox hujus calore in formam nativam restituta, effugere
nequeunt. Postquam horae dimidium aqua in lagena fervisset,
summovebatur sensim ignis ad cautam refrigerationem. In temperatura
+17 volumen gasium dimensum fuit 6,5 pollicum cubicorum decimalium
pro quoque cantharo. Cel.  BERGMAN 14 p. cub. ex. Cantharo
accepit. Haec discrepantia experimentum pluries iterare jussit; idem
autem semper fuit eventus, si aberrationem 1/2 vel 3/4
p. c. exceperis, tribuendam temperaturae , quam omnino aequalem obtinere
non poteram. Iuncturam autem nec rimis latentibus fefellisse, tum
illius post singula experimenta sollicita exploratio demonstravit, cum
regressus aquae ex apparatu pneumatico in lagenam frigescentem.

  [1] Hoc loco & in sequentibas mensura coronata & accurate explorata
  utebar.

Ad vulgare praescriptum solutio calcis in gase his experimentis
collecto collocabatur. Post XXXVI horas ex 6,5 p. c. dimidius tantum
restabat, quam aera esse atmosphaericum gas azoticum oxigenatum
indicavit. Quorsum igitur gas hydrogenium sulphuratum, quod aquae
inesse certo sciebam? Id quo intelligerem, lagenam, hoc gase,
praeparato ex sulphureto ferri ac acido sulphurico diluto, impletam
supra calcem aqua solutam collocavi. Post XIV horas X p. c. absorpti
erant; supererat unus cum dimidio p. c., post XXIV horas nihil
diminutus; quem esse atmosphaericum, gase azotico oxigenato
exploravi. Gas hydr. sulph. & gas acidi carbonici ad aequalia volumina
commixta & eidem experimento subjecta, ab aqua calcarea, uno
p. c. relicto,. absorbebantur. Solutionis calcareae in his
experimentis, & praecipue in superiori, color erat luteoalbidus, odor
saporque sulphureti calcarei; solutio sensim sulphatem calcis
deponendo turbabatur, quod tamen in posteriori propter carbonatem
calcis simul praecipitatum discerni non poterat. Ex quibus
intelligitur, diminutionem supra descriptam gasis aquae examinandae non
acido tantum carbonico sed gasi etjam hydr. sulph. esse tribuendam.
Horum igitur gasium quantitates alia via dignoscendae sunt. Eum in
finem unum aquae fontanae Cantharum in vase operto calce praecipitabam;
praecipitatum, cujus pondus erat = 0,085 [2] ex oxido ferri = 0,020,
carbonate calcis magnesiaeque aquae proprio, aliis experimentis noto =
0,035, & carbonate calcis jam generato, cujus igitur pondus = 0,030,
constabat. Si pondera carbonatis calcis & acidi carb. quod continet,
sunt inter se = 100:43, oritur exinde pondus acidi carbonici ex aqua
fontana recepti = 0,014; ex quo tamen volumen gasis ejus haud facile
inveniri potest.

  [2] Unitas ponderis per totam banc disfertationem = 1/4 lod
  viktualie-vigt = 1 drachma 7 1/2 gr. = 1 centner prober-vigt.

Unde autem oritur hujus aquae gas hydrogenium sulphuratum? In quibusdam
aquis non dubium est quin originem debeat sulphureto calcis, quod, dum
ex aqua oxidatur, ideoque gas hydrogenium generat, illi sulphuris
aliquid tradit; ipsum autem in sulphatem calcis transit, qui circum
tales fontes, forma pulveris albi, se manifestat. In aqua Medeviensi
sulphas quidem calcis adest, quem primo sulphuretum fuisse posse,
deinde vero oxidatum, hoc gas, ut diximus, produxisse, haud quidem
districte negaverim, vero tamen similius esse existimaverim, a stratis
corporum organicorum putrefactorum vel putrescentium, per quae vena
transit, idem illud gas originem duxisse, quippe quod destructione
animalium vegetabiliumque generari, ideoque ex stagnosis limosisque
locis, praesertim commotione quadam facta, exhalari noverimus. Per hanc
hypothesin explicatur etjam ortus gasis hydrogenii carbonati, quod in
hoc & pluribus aliis Sveciae fontibus adesse, cum alia fere desint
ipsius indicia, sapor peculiaris certe arguit; quamquam ejus
quantitas, propter minorem in aqua solubilitatem longe minor sit,
necesse est; nec determinari potest nisi combustione; quam experiri,
defectus instrumentorum prohibuit.

Ex quovis fonte V Cantharos, in vase vitreo, unum cum dimidio
cancharum capiente, singulos vaporare curavi. Massa sicca caute
colligebatur, & quod vitro arctius adhaerebat, acido muriatico diluto
abluebatur & solutioni N. 5 addebatur. Massae in temp. + 108 siccatae
pondus =0,575.

1. Massa diligenter aqua eluebatur & liquidum siphone secernebatur,
quo colatio evitaretur. Haec aqua deinceps ad siccum vaporabat, supra
infundebatur alcohol, qui non solutum reliquit album terrestre =
0,025, quod experimentis infra enarrandis sulphatem calcis esse
reperi.

2. Solutio alcoholina lente evaporabatur; fusca erat, & crystallos
muriatis natri facile agnoscibiles in reliqua massa fusca
deliquescibili dabat [3]. Pondus totius massae = 0,150. In aqua
solvebatur, cui solutioni admistum ammoniacum purum nihil mutavit; sed
azotate barytae praecipitatum efficiebatur, quod lotum siccatumque erat
= 0,01. & azotate argenti praecipitatum cinereum, in lamella vitrea
supra ignem odorem empyreumaticum spargens, quo manifestatur extractum
vegetabile: id igitur coctione cum acido azotico conc. destruebatur;
quod hujus acidi supererat, ammoniaco dein saturabatur, quod primo
praecipitatum faciebat, mox solvebat; quapropter acidum muriaticum ad
saporem acidulum addebatur.  Murias argenti bene elotus & siccatus
niveo fuit colore & pondere = 0,240.

  [3] Sales cum extracto conjunctos difficulter crystallisari, notisi
  mum est.

3. Ex reliqua solutionis parte argentum superfluum muriate ammoniaci
praecipitabatur: dein inspissabatur, nihilque acido oxalico tartaricove
afficiebatur; quapropter nec kali nec calcem habebat.

4. Residuum ex lotione cum aqua N. 1 cum alcohole eluebatur, quod
evaporando dedit refinam odoram fuscam = 0,005.

5. Residuum ex massa alcohole elota N. 4 acido muriatico diluto
solvebatur; solutio secernebatur, & quod solutum non erat, aqua
eluebatur, quae dein solutioni admiscebatur. Haec ad dimidiam partem
evaporata ammoniaco praecipitabatur; praecipitatum elotum fuit = 0,15.
Reliqua solutio, cum aqua lotionis, carbonete ammoniaci
praecipitabatur, quod carbonatem calcis = 0,125 dedit. Calcem fuisse
inde colligitur, quod cum acido sulphurico sal difficulter solubile
efficiebat, nec carbonare ammoniaci solvebatur; ideoque magnesia non
erat.

6. Quod ammoniaco praecipitatum erat, in acido sulphurico solvebatur;
residua erat magnesia, quae acid. sulph. dilato difficulter solvitur,
si pura est; pondus erat = 0,03. Acido muriatico soluta carbonate
ammoniaci procipitabatur [4] & mox ab eo solvebatur; quae magnesiae nota
est.

  [4] BERGMAN & secundum eum plures alii, magnesiae ad acida
  attractionem majorem statuunt quam ammoniaci. Alii negant; cum ex
  acid. sulphurico ammoniaco praecipitetur. BERGMAN (In Opusculis T. 3
  p. 317 & 337) hoc praecipitatum inde oriri contendit quod in
  solutione sal tripliciter compositum generaretur. Qua de re haec
  sequentia ipse sum expertus. Si Murias magnesiae cum carbonate kali
  praecipitatur, usque dum reagat alcali, & praecipitatum inde
  separatur, praecipitari dein potest cum ammoniaco puro nova magnesiae
  portio. Idem evenit, si ordine inverso primo adhibetur ammoniacum
  purum & deinde Carbonas kali. Sulphas magnesiae carbonate kali totus
  decomponitur; at si plus carbonatis kali additur, solvitur iterum
  praecipitatum, & post horas quasdam crystalli formantur. Idem
  evenit, si praecipitatio ope carbonatis ammoniaci perficitur. Etjam
  ex muriate magnesiae praecipitando formantur hi sales; si solutio
  valde diluta est, nihil carbonate ammoniaci praecipitatur; si
  aliquantom puri ammoniaci additur, praecipitatum oritur quod
  carbonate ammoniaci, si sufficiens ejus quantitas adsit, solvitur &
  crystallisatur eam in formam, quam BERGMAN, Opusc. T. 1 Tab. 1.
  depinxit & carbonatis magnesiae esse dixit; sed. ut ex allatis
  sequitur, ammoniacum etjam continet, quod in auctiore calore
  effugit, & magnesiae carbonatem pulverulentum relinquit. Solutio
  muriatis magnesiae valde diluta non praecipitatur carbonate ammoniaci,
  sed tantum si concentrata sit; tum autem praecipitatum est triplex
  ille sal, cujus supra mentionem fecimus, sere difficulter
  solubilis. Carbonates alcalium solvunt carbonatem magnesiae, &
  efficiunt sales crystallisabiles difficulter solubiles. Murias
  ammoniaci carbonatem magnesiae solvit, sed pars decomponitur & sal
  triplex nascitur. Alcalia pura solvunt carbonatem magnesiae ita, ut
  se acido carbonico saturent, & quod superest carbonatis magnesiae
  solvant; quod de ammoniaco non valet; cum carbonas ammoniaci puram
  magnesiam ita solvat, ut haee primum ab ammoniaco rapiat ad se acidum
  carbonicum. Fourcroy & Vauquelin, in analysi urinae, Bulletin des
  Sciences An. 1798 N. IX, propensitatem magnesiae ad triplicem
  conjunctionem cum ammoniaco & acido phosphorico memoraverunt. Haec
  magnesiae proprietas accuratiore disquisitione digna esse vi detur.

Solutio in acido sulphurico facta, ad siccum evaporabatur; quod dum
fiebat, crystalli sulphatis calcis formabantur: massa sicca
ustulabatur donec effugisset ac. sulphuricum; residui pondus = 0,125;
quae ponderis auctio majori ferri oxidationi tribuenda esse videretur,
quam etjam color & vapores acidi sulphurosi indicabant.

7. Massa usta lavabatur aqua, ex qua nec ammoniacum nec carbonates
alcalium aliquid praecipitabant. Dein ac. muriatico solvebatur, ex qua
solutione murias barytae praecipitatum effecir, quod sulphatem calcis =
0,02 adhuc remansisse indicabat. Etjam oxalas kali calcis praesentiam
docebat. Puro ammoniaco oxidum ferri purum praecipitabatur = 0,10.

8. Solutio N. 5, ex qua calx carbonate ammoniaci praecipitate erat, in
siccum evaporabatur; cum acido sulphurico miscebatur & urebatur donec
acid, muriaticum effugisset; iterum solvebatur, & ammoniaco
praecipitabatur; quo secernebatur magnesia = 0,02.

9. Quod post solutionem in acido muriatico supererat, aqua difficulter
solvebatur; at aqua postquam diutius superinfusa mansisset, &
solutione barytae & acid. oxalico praecipitabatur; coctum in carbonate
natri generavit sulphatem natri, & quod non solvebatur, effervescebat
aliquantulum, adfuso acido quodam; fuit igitur sulphas calcis = 0,140.

Hae omnes rationes si conferuntur; animadvertitur auctio = 0,040, quae
tribuenda est iis particulis, quae ex vase, in quo facta erat
evaporatio, acido muriatico eluebantur.

Salis N. 2 pondus erat = 0,150; murias argenti = 0,240 continet ac.
muriaticum = 0,043, quod ad plenam saturarionem requirit natrum =
0,065 & aquam ad crystallisandum = 0,022, quo quantitas muratis narri
invenitur = 0,130. Sulphas barytae, ibidiem, = 0,010 continet ac.
sulphuricum = 0,003; quod saturatur natro = 0,005, ex quo quantitas
sulphatis natri = 0,08. Residuum fuit extractum & aqua & alcohole
solubile = 0,012.

Sequens tabula exhiber, quantum ex meis quidem experimentis concludere
licuit, quantitates corporum in quovis hujus aquae cantharo solutorum;
cui adjungitur tabula Cel. Prof. BERGMAN, loco supra citato allata.

  Secundum experimenta              Secundum mea
    BERGMANNI
  Gas acidi carbonici -   6 p. c.   Gas ac. carb.
  Gas hydr. sulph.    -   8         cum gase hydr.
                                    sulph.         -     6 p. c.
                                    Aer athmosph.  -   0,5
                      -----                          -----
                            14                             6 1/2
  Murias natri     -  0,005         Murias natri   - 0,026
  Oxidum ferri     -  0,056         Oxid. ferri    - 0,020
  Extractum mucil. -  0,019         Extract. muc.  - 0,003
      -       -    -    -           Sulphas natri  - 0,001
      -       -    -    -           Sulphas calcis - 0,037
      -       -    -    -           Carbonas calc. - 0,025
      -       -    -    -           Carb. magnes.  - 0,010
      -       -    -    -           Resinae         - 0,001
  Murias calcis    -  0,009            -           -   -
                      -----                          -----
                      0,089                          0,123




Fons Medius


In ipso fere plano soli circumjacentis scatet; reliqui duo
depressiores. Aqua per duo foramina crateris emittitur, ideoque fere
semper turbida est. Temperatura variat. D 1 Junii erat in fundo +7 deg.;
in superficie 7, deg.5; in atmosphaera 8 deg. vel 9 deg. D. 30 Julii in fundo 9,5
in superficie 10, deg. in atmosphaera 19 deg. vel 20 deg.. Quantitas gasium per
cantharum aquae hujus fontis est 1 1/2 p. cub. major, quam reliquorum;
odore hydrogenii sulph. fortiori & quadam virtute laxante praedita est.
Ejus partes constitutivae eaedem sunt, ac fontis supra descripti,
excepto, quod minus ferri (= 0,015) & carbonatis calcis (= 0,080)
habet, quod etjam quantitatem acidi carbonici minorem indicare
videtur.




Fons supremus.


Situs hujus fontis editior est, quam ceterorum. Sapor veteris fontis
sapori similis est. Reactio eadem. Temperatura variat. D. 1 Jun. erat
in fundo + 6, deg.5; in superficie 7. deg. D. 30 Jul. in fundo + 8 deg. in
superficie 9. deg. Ferri quantitas eadem est ac in vetere fonte, sulphatis
calcis major (= 0,045); carbonatis calcis & magnesiae minor. Sales
reliqui sunt iidem in omnibus his fontibus.




Limus Medeviensis.


Non admodum profunde sub ipsa soli superficie reperitur. Scripturam
azotate plumbi factam afficit. Schidiis & aliis reliquiis
vegetabilibus immixtus est. Ustione duas partes tertias ponderis
perdit; residuum constat ex ferro, silice & sulphate calcis. Sulphatem
ferri, ut limus Lokaensis, non continet. Una ejus tertia pars est
extractiva, & alkohole & aqua solubilis.




Fons Lokaensis.


Ejus partes constitutivas eadem fere ratione, qua fontium
Medeviensium, exploratas has sequentes reperi.

  Gas Hydrog. sulph. & perpaullulum
     Gasis acidi carbonici       -    -   2   p. c.
  Aer atmospaericus               -    -   3,5
     ex quo gas oxigenium        -   0,5
          & gas azotum           -   3,0
                                         ------
                                               5,5 p. c.
  Carbonas calcis                -    -  0,0042
  Carbonas magnesiae              -    -  0,0035
  Silex                          -    -  0,0107
  Sulphas calcis                 -    -  0,0023
  Murias natri                   -    -  0,0055
  Extractivum                    -    -  0,0014
  Aliquantulum resinae            -    -
                                         ------
  per Cantharum                          0,0276



